
Notice of Pre-AIA or AIA Status
The present application, filed on or after March 16, 2013, is being examined under the first inventor to file provisions of the AIA.
Detailed Action
Claims 1-16 are pending.
Drawings
The drawings filed on 12/13/2025 are accepted.
Oath/Declaration
For the record, the Examiner acknowledges that the Oath/Declaration submitted on 12/13/2025 has been received.
Examiner Notes
 Examiner cites particular columns, paragraphs, figures and line numbers in the references as applied to the claims below for the convenience of the applicant. Although the specified citations are representative of the teachings in the art and are applied to the specific limitations within the individual claim, other passages and figures may apply as well. It is respectfully requested that, in preparing responses, the applicant fully consider the references in their entirety as potentially teaching all or part of the claimed invention, as well as the context of the passage as taught by the prior art or disclosed by the examiner. The entire reference is considered to provide disclosure relating to the claimed invention. The claims & only the claims form the metes & bounds of the invention. Office personnel are to give the claims their broadest reasonable interpretation in light of the supporting disclosure. Unclaimed limitations appearing in the specification are not read into the claim. Prior art was referenced using terminology familiar to one of ordinary skill in the art. Such an approach is broad in concept and can be either explicit or implicit in meaning. Examiner's Notes are provided with the cited references to assist the applicant to better understand how the examiner interprets the applied prior art. Such comments are entirely consistent with the intent & spirit of compact prosecution.
Claim Objections

 Claim 2 is objected to because of the following informalities:
 Claim 2 recited at last limitation line 10: “wherein the material type of of coating comprises: titanium nitride, titanium carbonitride, aluminum titanium nitride, chromium nitride, and diamond coating.” Examiner assumes a minor typo has been occurred here, that is repetition of the term “of” for two times (underlined above). Therefore, appropriate correction is needed.
Claim Interpretation
The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112(f):
(f) Element in Claim for a Combination. – An element in a claim for a combination may be expressed as a means or step for performing a specified function without the recital of structure, material, or acts in support thereof, and such claim shall be construed to cover the corresponding structure, material, or acts described in the specification and equivalents thereof. 

The following is a quotation of pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph:
An element in a claim for a combination may be expressed as a means or step for performing a specified function without the recital of structure, material, or acts in support thereof, and such claim shall be construed to cover the corresponding structure, material, or acts described in the specification and equivalents thereof.

The claims in this application are given their broadest reasonable interpretation using the plain meaning of the claim language in light of the specification as it would be understood by one of ordinary skill in the art. The broadest reasonable interpretation of a claim element (also commonly referred to as a claim limitation) is limited by the description in the specification when 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, is invoked.
 As explained in MPEP § 2181, subsection I, claim limitations that meet the following three-prong test will be interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph:
(A) the claim limitation uses the term "means" or "step" or a term used as a substitute for "means" that is a generic placeholder (also called a nonce term or a non-structural term having no specific structural meaning) for performing the claimed function;
(B) the term "means" or "step" or the generic placeholder is modified by
functional language, typically, but not always linked by the transition word "for" (e.g. "means for") or another linking word or phrase, such as "configured to" or "so that"; and
(C) the term "means" or "step" or the generic placeholder is not modified by 
sufficient structure, material, or acts for performing the claimed function.
 Use of the word "means" (or "step") in a claim with functional language creates a rebuttable presumption that the claim limitation is to be treated in accordance with 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph. The presumption that the claim limitation is interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, is rebutted when the claim limitation recites sufficient structure, material, or acts to entirely perform the recited function.
 Absence of the word "means" (or "step") in a claim creates a rebuttable
presumption that the claim limitation is not to be treated in accordance with 35 U.S.C.
112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph. The presumption that the claim
limitation is not interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth
paragraph, is rebutted when the claim limitation recites function without reciting sufficient structure, material or acts to entirely perform the recited function.
 Claim limitations in this application that use the word "means" (or "step") are being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, except as otherwise indicated in an Office action. Conversely, claim limitations in this application that do not use the word "means" (or "step") are not being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, except as otherwise indicated in an Office action.
 This application includes one or more claim limitations that do not use the word "means," but are nonetheless being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, because the claim limitation(s) uses a generic placeholder that is coupled with functional language without reciting sufficient structure to perform the recited function and the generic placeholder is not preceded by a structural modifier. Such claim limitations in claims 1 is: 
(Claim 1) an experimental module, configured for, … conducting machining experiments on a workpiece …; a prediction-model-establishment module, configured for establishing a performance-prediction model; a simulation module, configured for randomly combining the cutter parameters and the coating parameters …; a data-processing module, configured for processing the cutter characteristic data …; an iterative optimization module, configured for iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population …; a recommendation module, configured for selecting an optimal combination of a cutter with an optimal value and a coating with an optimal value …;
 Because these claim limitations are being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, they are being interpreted to cover the corresponding structure described in the specification as performing the claimed function, and equivalents thereof. The Specification of current Application in para [0131] stated: “The above embodiments can be fully or partially implemented through software, hardware, firmware, or any other combination. … Those skilled in the art can realize that the units and algorithm steps described in the embodiments according to the present disclosure can be implemented using electronic hardware, or a combination of computer software and electronic hardware.”
 If applicant does not intend to have this/these limitation(s) interpreted under 
35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, applicant may: (1) amend the claim limitation(s) to avoid it/them being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph (e.g., by reciting sufficient structure to perform the claimed function); or (2) present a sufficient showing that the claim limitation(s) recite(s) sufficient structure to perform the claimed function so as to avoid it/them being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph.

Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 112
The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112(b):
(b) CONCLUSION.—The specification shall conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor regards as the invention.


The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph:
The specification shall conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the applicant regards as his invention.

Claims 1-8 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(b) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph, as being indefinite for failing to particularly point out and distinctly claim the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor, or for pre-AIA the applicant regards as the invention.
Claim 1 recite the limitations “an experimental module, configured for, … conducting machining experiments on a workpiece …; a prediction-model-establishment module, configured for establishing a performance-prediction model; a simulation module, configured for randomly combining the cutter parameters and the coating parameters …; a data-processing module, configured for processing the cutter characteristic data …; an iterative optimization module, configured for iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population …; a recommendation module, configured for selecting an optimal combination of a cutter with an optimal value and a coating with an optimal value …. The Specification and drawings of current application did not disclose or teach any specific structure for these “an experimental module, a prediction-model-establishment module, a simulation module, a data-processing module, an iterative optimization module, a recommendation module. The Specification of current Application in para [0131] stated: “The above embodiments can be fully or partially implemented through software, hardware, firmware, or any other combination. … Those skilled in the art can realize that the units and algorithm steps described in the embodiments according to the present disclosure can be implemented using electronic hardware, or a combination of computer software and electronic hardware.” However, the abovementioned modules in claim 1 didn’t recite the particular structure that accomplishes the functions or claimed invention.
The dependent claims 2-8 do not resolve the indefinite issue in the independent claim 1, and thus are also rejected under 112(b) by virtue of their dependence on the rejected independent claim. Therefore, claims 1-8 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(b) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph, as being indefinite.

Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 101
35 U.S.C. 101 reads as follows:
Whoever invents or discovers any new and useful process, machine, manufacture, or composition of matter, or any new and useful improvement thereof, may obtain a patent therefor, subject to the conditions and requirements of this title.

Claims 1-16 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 101 because the claimed invention is directed to an abstract idea without significantly more. The claim(s) recite a mental process and a mathematical calculation; see MPEP 2106.04(a)(2)(III) and MPEP 2106.04(a)(2)(I).
Step 1
 The claims under Step 1 are directed towards a system (claims 1-8) and a method (claims 9-16).
 Claim 1 recites:
 A recommendation system for matching cutter and coating combinations based on workpiece parameters, comprising: (field of use) (See Step 2A Prong 2 and Step 2B)
 an experimental module, configured for, under different combinations of cutter parameters and coating parameters, conducting machining experiments on a workpiece to be machined with known workpiece parameters to determine machining performance data corresponding to each of the different combinations; (generic data gathering)
 wherein the machining performance data comprises: workpiece cutting performance data and cutter characteristic data; (non-functional data descriptions)
 a prediction-model-establishment module, configured for establishing a performance-prediction model; wherein combinations of cutter parameters and coating parameters, and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined (field of use) are served as input features of the performance-prediction model, and the workpiece cutting performance data and the cutter characteristic data are served as output labels of the performance-prediction model, and the performance-prediction model is trained; (implementing machine learning using mathematical relationships)
 a simulation module, configured for randomly combining the cutter parameters and the coating parameters, establishing individuals in an initial population, and inputting the individuals in the initial population and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined into the trained performance-prediction model, (field of use) to obtain the workpiece cutting performance data and the cutter characteristic data; (machine learning model to obtain respective data)
 a data-processing module, configured for processing the cutter characteristic data to obtain a life-evaluation coefficient for evaluating life of a cutter; and processing the workpiece cutting performance data to obtain a quality-evaluation coefficient for evaluating quality of a workpiece; and linearly processing the life-evaluation coefficient and the quality-evaluation coefficient to obtain a comprehensive evaluation coefficient; (Mathematical concepts)
 an iterative optimization module, configured for iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population through a genetic algorithm based on minimization of the comprehensive evaluation coefficient, to obtain optimal individuals; and configured for extracting an optimal value of the cutter parameters and an optimal value of the coating parameters based on the optimal individuals; (Mathematical concepts)
 and a recommendation module, configured for selecting an optimal combination of a cutter with an optimal value and a coating with an optimal value and recommending to a user. (Mental Processes using evaluation or judgement)

 Step 2A, prong 1:
 The limitation of claim 1: “a prediction-model-establishment module, configured for establishing a performance-prediction model; wherein combinations of cutter parameters and coating parameters, and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined are served as input features of the performance-prediction model, … and the performance-prediction model is trained” is generic recitation for implementing machine learning mathematical relationships in the form of “performance-prediction model”. Mathematical relationships are one of the subcategories of mathematical concepts. The limitation: “a data-processing module, configured for processing the cutter characteristic data to obtain a life-evaluation coefficient for evaluating life of a cutter; and processing the workpiece cutting performance data to obtain a quality-evaluation coefficient for evaluating quality of a workpiece; and linearly processing the life-evaluation coefficient and the quality-evaluation coefficient …” is recitation of using Math which performs additional calculations on the already obtained data. The limitation: “an iterative optimization module, configured for iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population through a genetic algorithm based on minimization of the comprehensive evaluation coefficient, to obtain optimal individuals; and configured for extracting an optimal value of the cutter parameters …” is recitation of Mathematical concepts. The last limitation “a recommendation module, configured for selecting an optimal combination of a cutter with an optimal value and a coating with an optimal value and recommending to a user” is recitation of Mental Processes using evaluation or judgement. This limitation, as drafted and under a broadest reasonable interpretation can be performed in the human mind or using human brain to select optimal values for cutter and coating and further recommend the user accordingly. Therefore, at step 2A, prong one, claim 1 as a whole is found to recite a judicial exception and is drawn to an abstract idea.

Step 2A, Prong 2:
 This judicial exception is not integrated into a practical application because the claim language only recites elements that can practically be performed in the human mind or using Mathematical calculations. Therefore, the claim recites an abstract idea because it does not impose any meaningful limitations on practicing the abstract idea, i.e., claim 1 has no additional limitations that integrate the abstract idea into a practical application. The limitation in claim 1: “A recommendation system for matching cutter and coating combinations based on workpiece parameters;” is recitation of field of use or technological environment and cannot integrate a judicial exception into a practical application. The limitation: “the machining performance data comprises: workpiece cutting performance data and cutter characteristic data” is recitation of non-functional data description which does not add anything more to overcome the abstract idea. The limitation: “an experimental module, configured for, … conducting machining experiments on a workpiece to be machined with known workpiece parameters to determine machining performance data corresponding to each of the different combinations” is recitation of generic data gathering activity using unspecified “machining experiments” and cannot integrate a judicial exception into a practical application. The limitations: “a prediction-model-establishment module, … establishing a performance-prediction model; wherein combinations of cutter parameters and coating parameters, and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined …” and “a simulation module, … establishing individuals in an initial population, and inputting the individuals in the initial population and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined into the trained performance-prediction model” are recitations of merely field of use. Both of these limitations neither referred to a physical workpiece or physical implementation, nor to a physical machining step, which is merely an identification of the target design workpiece, i.e., limitations are recitations of field of use or technological environment and cannot integrate a judicial exception into a practical application. Further, the step involves in simulation module seems to be similar to a design-of-experiment or sampling scheme–then using the machine learning model to obtain respective data. This amounts to recitation of data gathering activity to perform a random sampling and respective calculations and cannot integrate a judicial exception into a practical application. (See MPEP 2106.04(d) referencing MPEP 2106.05(g), example (iv): Obtaining information about transactions).

 Step 2B:
 The claim 1 as a whole does not include any further additional elements that are sufficient to amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. As discussed above with in the Step 2A, Prong Two analysis, with respect to integration of the abstract idea into a practical application. The additional element: “A recommendation system for matching cutter and coating combinations based on workpiece parameters;” is recitation of field of use or technological environment and does not amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. The limitation “an experimental module, configured for, … conducting machining experiments on a workpiece to be machined with known workpiece parameters to determine machining performance data corresponding to each of the different combinations” is recitation of generic data gathering activity and does not amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Additionally, the limitations: “a prediction-model-establishment module, … establishing a performance-prediction model; wherein combinations of cutter parameters and coating parameters, and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined …” and “a simulation module, … establishing individuals in an initial population, and inputting the individuals in the initial population and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined into the trained performance-prediction model” are recitations of merely field of use or technological environment and do not amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Further, the limitation “a simulation module, configured for randomly combining the cutter parameters and the coating parameters, … to obtain the workpiece cutting performance data and the cutter characteristic data;” is recitation of data gathering activity and does not amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. 
 Therefore, the claim 1 is not patent eligible under 35 USC 101.
 Independent claim 9 is substantially similar to claim 1 and therefore is rejected under the same rationale as stated above.
 Dependent claims 2-8 and 10-16 are rejected as a Judicial Exception (JE) since they do not add significantly more than the abstract idea or a practical application. 
 Claims 2-4 are dependent on independent claim 1 and includes all the limitations of claim 1. The limitations of claims 2 and 3 are recitations of non-functional data description which do not add anything more to overcome the abstract idea. The limitations of claim 4 is recitation of Mathematical concepts. Therefore, the abovementioned limitations do not amount to significantly more than the abstract idea.
 Claims 5-8 are dependent on independent claim 1 and includes all the limitations of claim 1. The limitations of claims 5-8 are recitations of Mathematical concepts. Therefore, the abovementioned limitations do not amount to significantly more than the abstract idea.
Dependent claims 10-16 are dependent on independent claim 9 and substantially similar to claims 2-8 and therefore are rejected under the same rationale as stated above.
Therefore, the claims 1-16 are not patent eligible.

Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 103
In the event the determination of the status of the application as subject to AIA 35 U.S.C. 102 and 103 (or as subject to pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 102 and 103) is incorrect, any correction of the statutory basis (i.e., changing from AIA to pre-AIA) for the rejection will not be considered a new ground of rejection if the prior art relied upon, and the rationale supporting the rejection, would be the same under either status. 
The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 103 which forms the basis for all obviousness rejections set forth in this Office action:
A patent for a claimed invention may not be obtained, notwithstanding that the claimed invention is not identically disclosed as set forth in section 102, if the differences between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which the claimed invention pertains. Patentability shall not be negated by the manner in which the invention was made.

The factual inquiries set forth in Graham, v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S.1.148 USPQ 459 (1966), that are applied for establishing a background for determining obviousness under 35 U.S.C. 103 are summarized as follows:
1.    Determining the scope and contents of the prior art.
2.    Ascertaining the differences between the prior art and the claims at issue.
3.    Resolving the level of ordinary skill in the pertinent art.
4.    Considering objective evidence present in the application indicating obviousness or non-obviousness.
10.Claims 1 and 9 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over an Article “Machine learning based modelling and optimization in hard turning of AISI D6 steel with newly developed AlTiSiN coated carbide tool” by Anshuman Das et al. (hereinafter Das, article published on 2022) and in view of a Journal “Estimation of coating thickness in electrostatic spray deposition by machine learning and response surface methodology” by U.M.R Paturi et al. (hereinafter Paturi, Available online in 2021).
 Regarding claim 1, Das teaches a recommendation system for matching cutter and coating combinations based on workpiece parameters, comprising: (Das disclosed in page 1 in ‘Abstract’: “In this article machining was performed in dry cutting condition with a newly developed coated insert called AlTiSiN coated carbides coated through scalable pulsed power plasma technique in dry cutting condition and a dataset was generated for different machining parameters and output responses.” In page 8 section 2 (1st para): “The workpiece considered in this investigation corresponds to a shape of a cylindrical bar having a specification of 350 mm length and 50 mm diameter. The designation of the workpiece was AISI D6 steel.” Further, in page 29 section 12 (2nd para): “The experimental dataset was used for modeling the various machining parameters such as surface roughness, cutting force, flank wear, crater wear length, and crater wear width were modeled using machine learning algorithms (polynomial regression, random forest, gradient boost, and ADA boost). … The performance parameters assessed are R2, MSE, and MAE of the predictions of the machining parameters. … RF, PR predictions are comparatively better and the surrogate model learned through PR can be easily extracted and implemented in the formulation of the complex objective function. We recommend the use of PR for predictive modeling of the machining parameters.” The disclosure above recommending of polynomial regression (PR) for modeling various machining parameters related to cutter where machining was performed in dry cutting condition with a newly developed coated insert called AlTiSiN coated carbides, corresponding to claim limitation “recommendation system for matching cutter and coating combinations based on workpiece parameters”).
 Das teaches an experimental module, configured for, under different combinations of cutter parameters and coating parameters, conducting machining experiments on a workpiece to be machined with known workpiece parameters (Das disclosed in page 8-9 section 2: “The workpiece considered in this investigation corresponds to a shape of a cylindrical bar having a specification of 350 mm length and 50 mm diameter. The designation of the workpiece was AISI D6 steel. … In the beginning stage of the coating, the temperature of the coating chamber was maintained at 450◦C and the vacuum pressure was maintained at 10−6 mill bar. The inserts are placed in the holder then it was rotated with a speed of 2 rpm speed. … Then finally the inserts with coating was kept outside with natural air cooling. The AlTiSiN coating deposition was completed using one target each of AlTiN and TiSiN … The thickness of AlTiN coating was 0.5± 0.1 micron and that of TiSiN was 0.2 ± 0.1 micron. The final coating layer thickness was 1.3 ± 0.1 micron. Good adhesion strength was observed between the coating material and substrate. … For cutting force (Fz) measurement, 4 component piezoelectric dynamometer was used, The Mitutoyo SJ-210 roughness tester was employed to measure the machined surface roughness. Both optical and scanning electron microscope was employed to analyze the machined surface morphology and tool wear (both at flank and rake face). In the current experimental investigation, three input parameters are considered such as speed, feed, and depth of cut. … Speed (40, 50, 55, 60, 70, 80 and 90 m/min), feed (0.04, 0.06, 0.08, 0.1, 0.12, 0.14 and 0.16 mm/rev) and depth of cut (0.2, 0.3, 0.4 and 0.5mm) to analyze different machining characteristics in dry cutting condition.”).
 Das teaches to determine machining performance data corresponding to each of the different combinations; wherein the machining performance data comprises: workpiece cutting performance data and cutter characteristic data; (Das disclosed in page 8 section 2: “In the beginning stage of the coating, the temperature of the coating chamber was maintained at 450◦C … For the smooth deposition of coating on the substrate with nano layer structure and uniform thickness, … The AlTiSiN coating deposition was completed using one target each of AlTiN and TiSiN with 5 KW target power and 99.95% purity. The thickness of AlTiN coating was 0.5± 0.1 micron and that of TiSiN was 0.2 ± 0.1 micron. The final coating layer thickness was 1.3 ± 0.1 micron. Good adhesion strength was observed between the coating material and substrate.” In page 10-13 section 5: “Out of different machining characteristics, cutting force is one of the most important characteristics. … Cutting force was measured with the help of dynamometer. Experiments are carried out in seven different speeds (40, 50, 55, 60, 70, 80 and 90m/min). From the graphical representation shown in Fig. 6, it was observed that at four different levels of speed such as 40, 50, 55 and 60m/min, the decrements in the cutting force was observed. … tool wear was highly influenced by the cutting speed. Particularly for three ranges of cutting speed i.e., 70, 80 and 90m/min, rapid wear on the flank surface was observed. That’s why there was a rapid increment in the cutting force as shown in Fig.7. Cutting force increment was also observed with the depth of cut shown in Fig.8 …”).
 Das teaches a prediction-model-establishment module, configured for establishing a performance-prediction model; wherein combinations of cutter parameters and coating parameters, and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined are served as input features of the performance-prediction model, (Das disclosed in page 1 in ‘Abstract’: “In this article machining was performed in dry cutting condition with a newly developed coated insert called AlTiSiN coated carbides coated through scalable pulsed power plasma technique in dry cutting condition and a dataset was generated for different machining parameters and output responses. … The machining parameters are speed, feed, depth of cut and the output responses are surface roughness, cutting force, crater wear length, crater wear width and flank wear. The data collected from the machining operation is used for the development machine learning (ML) based surrogate models to test, evaluate and optimize various input machining parameters.” In page 6 (in middle para): “We have used four different ML algorithms for developing surrogate models to predict the output responses. The four ML algorithms are polynomial regression (PR), Random Forests (RF), Adaptive Boosting (AB), and Gradient Boosting (GB). The predictive capability of the ML models is assessed through a comparison of the different performance parameters such as mean squared error (MSE), mean absolute error (MAE), and the calculated value of coefficient of determination R2.”
 In page 8 section 2: “The AlTiSiN coating deposition was completed using one target each of AlTiN and TiSiN ... The thickness of AlTiN coating was 0.5± 0.1 micron and that of TiSiN was 0.2 ± 0.1 micron. The final coating layer thickness was 1.3 ± 0.1 micron.” Further, in page 10-13 section 5: “Out of different machining characteristics, cutting force is one of the most important characteristics. … Cutting force was measured with the help of dynamometer. Experiments are carried out in seven different speeds (40, 50, 55, 60, 70, 80 and 90m/min). From the graphical representation shown in Fig. 6, it was observed that at four different levels of speed such as 40, 50, 55 and 60m/min, the decrements in the cutting force was observed. … tool wear was highly influenced by the cutting speed. Particularly for three ranges of cutting speed i.e., 70, 80 and 90m/min, rapid wear on the flank surface was observed.”). 
 and Das teaches the workpiece cutting performance data and the cutter characteristic data are served as output labels of the performance-prediction model, and the performance-prediction model is trained; (Das disclosed in page 17 section 8: “The dataset used in this article has eight columns as shown in the table. 2. In this tabular representation, each column represents a characteristic attribute and each row represents a specific sample. The first three columns, s, f, d are used as input to the ML models. These represent features that the algorithm uses to model the target output. The next five columns are the outputs of the ML models. … We have prepared two train-test datasets (D1 and D2) for the development of regression models. The training dataset of D1 consist of all the data as presented in table 2, … The train-test dataset D2 consist of arbitrary testing data from various speed from table 2.” Further, in page 17-18 section 9: “Machine Learning is a sub-field of AI that has its focus on enabling computer-based systems to develop predictive models purely from data. The learning aspect in the name represents the ability of such algorithms to improve their performance at a task by processing data, … The predictive performance of the above-mentioned ML algorithms was assessed by using R2, MSE (mean absolute error), and MAE (mean absolute error).”).
 Das teaches a simulation module, configured for randomly combining the cutter parameters and the coating parameters, (Das disclosed in page 8-9 section 2: “The coating was accomplished with the argon gas pressure of 350 MPa. Temperature was reduced gradually to 150℃ after completion of the coating. Then finally the inserts with coating was kept outside with natural air cooling. The AlTiSiN coating deposition was completed using one target each of AlTiN and TiSiN with 5 KW target power and 99.95% purity. The thickness of AlTiN coating was 0.5± 0.1 micron and that of TiSiN was 0.2 ± 0.1 micron. The final coating layer thickness was 1.3 ± 0.1 micron. Good adhesion strength was observed between the coating material and substrate. Inserts (substrate) are placed in a negatively biased coating chamber and from the positively charged source (AlTiSiN), arc was produced. … After coating, the inserts are clamped on a tool holder … The dry hard turning on AISI D6 steel was performed on a high precision heavy duty lathe … For cutting force (Fz) measurement, 4 component piezoelectric dynamometer was used, … In the current experimental investigation, three input parameters are considered such as speed, feed, and depth of cut. … Speed (40, 50, 55, 60, 70, 80 and 90 m/min), feed (0.04, 0.06, 0.08, 0.1, 0.12, 0.14 and 0.16 mm/rev) and depth of cut (0.2, 0.3, 0.4 and 0.5mm) to analyze different machining characteristics in dry cutting condition.” This disclosure corresponds to claim limitation “randomly combining the cutter parameters and the coating parameters”).
 Das teaches establishing individuals in an initial population, and inputting the individuals in the initial population and the known workpiece parameters of the workpiece to be machined into the trained performance-prediction model, to obtain the workpiece cutting performance data and the cutter characteristic data; (Das disclosed in page 17 section 8: “The dataset used in this article has eight columns as shown in the table. 2. In this tabular representation, each column represents a characteristic attribute and each row represents a specific sample. The first three columns, s, f, d are used as input to the ML models. These represent features that the algorithm uses to model the target output. The next five columns are the outputs of the ML models. … We have prepared two train-test datasets (D1 and D2) for the development of regression models. The training dataset of D1 consist of all the data as presented in table 2, … The train-test dataset D2 consist of arbitrary testing data from various speed from table 2.” Further, in page 17-18 section 9: “Machine Learning is a sub-field of AI that has its focus on enabling computer-based systems to develop predictive models purely from data. The learning aspect in the name represents the ability of such algorithms to improve their performance at a task by processing data, … The predictive performance of the above-mentioned ML algorithms was assessed by using R2, MSE (mean absolute error), and MAE (mean absolute error).”).
 Das teaches a data-processing module, configured for processing the cutter characteristic data to obtain a life-evaluation coefficient for evaluating life of a cutter; and processing the workpiece cutting performance data to obtain a quality-evaluation coefficient for evaluating quality of a workpiece; and linearly processing the life-evaluation coefficient and the quality-evaluation coefficient to obtain a comprehensive evaluation coefficient; (Das disclosed in page 17 section 8: “The dataset used in this article has eight columns as shown in the table. 2. In this tabular representation, each column represents a characteristic attribute and each row represents a specific sample. The first three columns, s, f, d are used as input to the ML models. These represent features that the algorithm uses to model the target output. The next five columns are the outputs of the ML models. … We have prepared two train-test datasets (D1 and D2) for the development of regression models. In page 17-18 section 9: “Machine Learning is a sub-field of AI that has its focus on enabling computer-based systems to develop predictive models purely from data. The learning aspect in the name represents the ability of such algorithms to improve their performance at a task by processing data, … The predictive performance of the above-mentioned ML algorithms was assessed by using R2, MSE (mean absolute error), and MAE (mean absolute error).”
 In page 20-22 section 9.1: “A functional relationship between the features and targets in the data may be developed using arbitrary approaches. … Polynomial regression represents the target as a linear combination of basis functions of the input features. ... Based on experimentation with the dataset, we use the second-order polynomial basis function. The mathematical expression for the second-order polynomial regression model can be written as … The β0 term represents the intercept and captures constant baseline effects that are independent of the input features. The βi and βii terms capture the linear and quadratic relationships between the input features and the target value. The βij term represents the interactions amongst the input features. Thus the coefficients of this polynomial closure have clear human interpretability. Training of this model invokes gradient descent to find the appropriate coefficients for the dataset.”).
 Das teaches an iterative optimization module, configured for iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population through a genetic algorithm based on minimization of the comprehensive evaluation coefficient, to obtain optimal individuals; and configured for extracting an optimal value of the cutter parameters. (Das disclosed in page 28-29 section 11.2: “We have developed input-output correlation by using polynomial regression and the correlation was used to establish the objective function to be used in the multi-objective optimization. The objective the multi-objective optimization here is to minimize the F, Ra, CWL, CWW and FW. … The minimization of the above complex objective function was performed based on constraints of machining operation. Three operation constraints were used to develop the complex objective function. The three constraints are the lower and upper limits of the experimental parameters. The constraints are as follows: 40 ≤ s ≤ 90, 0.04 ≤ f ≤ 0.16 and 0.2 ≤ d ≤ 0.5. There are different meta-heuristic methods such as genetic algorithm, differential evolution, particle swarm optimization, and simulated annealing available by which the above-mentioned problem can be solved. … The optimal combination of input parameters (speed, feed, and depth of cut) for minimizing the outputs are found to be 60, 0.04, 0.2.” 
 The disclosure above “polynomial regression used in the multi-objective optimization, the objective the multi-objective optimization here is to minimize the parameters (F, Ra, CWL, CWW and FW, used in Equation 7) in order to obtain/extract optimal combination of cutter parameters (speed, feed, and depth of cut) with minimized value to be found 60, 0.04, 0.2”, further “genetic algorithm” or any optimization technique such as “particle swarm optimization” being used to solve objective function, which is performed based on constraints of machining operation. This scenario corresponds to claim limitation “iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population through a genetic algorithm based on minimization of the comprehensive evaluation coefficient, to obtain optimal individuals; and extracting an optimal value of the cutter parameters”).
 and Das teaches a recommendation module, configured for selecting an optimal combination of a cutter with an optimal value (Das disclosed in page 29 section 12 (2nd and 3rd para): “The experimental dataset was used for modeling the various machining parameters such as surface roughness, cutting force, flank wear, crater wear length, and crater wear width were modeled using machine learning algorithms (polynomial regression, random forest, … The predictive capability of four ML models was assessed in the modeling of the machining parameters. The performance parameters assessed are R2, MSE, and MAE of the predictions of the machining parameters. It was noticed that for both random forest and polynomial regression the R2 value is greater than 0.9, which signifies the fact that the learned correlation function maps the input and output parameters more accurately. … We recommend the use of PR for predictive modeling of the machining parameters. Hence, we have used the PR learned surrogate models of different machining parameters in the development of the complex objective function that is required … for the minimization of the output parameters. The optimal machining process parameters are found to be 60, 0.04, and 0.2 (speed, feed, and depth of cut respectively) that minimize the output parameters.”).
 However, Das doesn’t explicitly teach the limitation “an iterative optimization module, configured for iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population through a genetic algorithm to obtain an optimal value of the coating parameters based on the optimal individuals; and selecting a coating with an optimal value.
 and Paturi teaches an iterative optimization module, configured for iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population through a genetic algorithm to obtain an optimal value of the coating parameters based on the optimal individuals; (Paturi disclosed in page 2 section 2: “The ESD coating experimental setup with a sample measure of coating thickness on deposited cutting tool substrates using the tool maker's microscope is shown in Fig. 1.” In page 5 section 3.4 (right col.): “Selecting the best input conditions for the ESD process plays a pivotal step in obtaining desired value of coating thickness. GA has been implemented in the current work to optimize the input parameters and get the required coating thickness. The MATLAB toolbox is used for GA optimization. … Optimum conditions for population size, population type, selection function, and the number of generations are chosen accordingly. Optimization is terminated when the average variation in the fitness value is lower than the given tolerance. The optimized input parameters and coating thickness value at those conditions are obtained …”. Further, in page 7 section 4.4: “Process optimization is carried out till the average deviation in the fitness value is under the given tolerance. Optimization is terminated at the 51st iteration, and the final fitness objective value obtained for coating thickness is 12.35. … Variation of fitness value against the number of generations is presented in Fig. 9(a). Approximately at the 50th generation, the best fitness value, i.e., coating thickness is obtained.”).
 and Paturi teaches selecting a coating with an optimal value. (Paturi disclosed in page 5 section 3.4 (right col.): “Selecting the best input conditions for the ESD process plays a pivotal step in obtaining desired value of coating thickness. GA has been implemented in the current work to optimize the input parameters and get the required coating thickness. The MATLAB toolbox is used for GA optimization. … Optimum conditions for population size, population type, selection function, and the number of generations are chosen accordingly. Optimization is terminated when the average variation in the fitness value is lower than the given tolerance. The optimized input parameters and coating thickness value at those conditions are obtained …”. Further, in page 7 section 4.4: “Process optimization is carried out till the average deviation in the fitness value is under the given tolerance. Optimization is terminated at the 51st iteration, and the final fitness objective value obtained for coating thickness is 12.35. … Variation of fitness value against the number of generations is presented in Fig. 9(a). Approximately at the 50th generation, the best fitness value, i.e., coating thickness is obtained.”).
 Das and Paturi are analogous art because they are related to have Predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on carbide cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das and Paturi, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das’s teaching, to include obtaining and selecting optimal value for the coating parameters of Paturi’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Paturi because “the primary motivation behind this study is to promote and develop the machine learning model (ANN and SVM) for the prediction of coating thickness in a nonlinear ESD process and relate the same with the results predicted by the conventional RSM model. Also, a GA-based machine learning approach has been implemented to optimize ESD process input parameters and obtain desired coating thickness. In modeling, real-time experimental data determined from the ESD process has been utilized”. (Paturi disclosed in page 2 section 1 (left col.).
 Regarding Claim 9, Das and Paturi teach the recommendation method which is generated based on the recommendation system according to claim 1, is incorporating the rejections of claim 1, because claim 9 has substantially similar claim language as claim 1, therefore claim 9 is rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Das and Paturi as discussed above for substantially similar rationale.
 Claims 2,4,10, and 12 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Das and Paturi, in view of an NPL paper “Predicting cutting tool life: models, modelling, and monitoring” Sujan Khadka et al. (hereinafter Khadka, paper Published online: 23 January 2025).
 Regarding claim 2, Das and Paturi teach the recommendation system according to claim 1, wherein Das teaches the known workpiece parameters comprise a material type of workpiece, wherein the material type of workpiece comprises: mild steel, medium carbon steel, high carbon steel, stainless steel, (Das disclosed about “hard machining of AISI D6 steel” in page 1 under ‘Abstract’. AISI D6 alloy die steel has been disclosed in table 1 page 6; In page 8 section 2 disclosed about designation of the workpiece as “AISI D6 steel”.
 and Das teaches wherein the material type of of coating comprises: aluminum titanium nitride, chromium nitride, (Das disclosed in page 8 section 2: “The AlTiSiN coating deposition was completed using one target each of AlTiN and TiSiN with 5 KW target power and 99.95% purity. The thickness of AlTiN coating was 0.5± 0.1 micron and that of TiSiN was 0.2 ± 0.1 micron.”). 
 However, Das doesn’t explicitly teach the limitation “the coating parameters comprise: a material type of coating and a thickness of coating;”
 and Paturi teaches the coating parameters comprise: a material type of coating and a thickness of coating; (Paturi disclosed in page 2 section 2: “The ESD coating experimental setup with a sample measure of coating thickness on deposited cutting tool substrates using the tool maker's microscope is shown in Fig. 1.” In page 7 section 4.4: “Process optimization is carried out till the average deviation in the fitness value is under the given tolerance. Optimization is terminated at the 51st iteration, and the final fitness objective value obtained for coating thickness is 12.35. … Variation of fitness value against the number of generations is presented in Fig. 9(a). Approximately at the 50th generation, the best fitness value, i.e., coating thickness is obtained.”).
 Das and Paturi are analogous art because they are related to have Predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on carbide cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das and Paturi, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das’s teaching, to include obtaining and selecting optimal value for the coating parameters of Paturi’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Paturi because “the primary motivation behind this study is to promote and develop the machine learning model (ANN and SVM) for the prediction of coating thickness in a nonlinear ESD process and relate the same with the results predicted by the conventional RSM model. Also, a GA-based machine learning approach has been implemented to optimize ESD process input parameters and obtain desired coating thickness. In modeling, real-time experimental data determined from the ESD process has been utilized”. (Paturi disclosed in page 2 section 1 (left col.).
 However, Das and Paturi do not explicitly teach the limitations “the material type of workpiece comprises: aluminum alloy, copper alloy, titanium alloy, nickel-based alloy, plastic, ceramic, and composites; wherein the material type of cutter comprises: high-speed steel, cemented carbide, ceramic material, cubic boron nitride and polycrystalline diamond; the form type of cutting edge comprises: straight edge, arc-shaped edge, cutting edge with negative chamber, tooth-shaped edge, cutting edge with micro rounded corner; the material type of of coating comprises: titanium nitride, titanium carbonitride and diamond coating.”
 and Khadka teaches the material type of workpiece comprises: aluminum alloy, copper alloy, titanium alloy, nickel-based alloy, plastic, ceramic, and composites; wherein the material type of cutter comprises: high-speed steel, cemented carbide, ceramic material, cubic boron nitride and polycrystalline diamond; (Khadka disclosed in page 3043 section 3.3.1: about “steel alloys as part of the workpiece; Further, in page 3059 section 6.2.1 (right col.) it has been disclosed about High-speed steels, Carbides and ceramics as type of materials in cutting tool. In page 3045 section 3.3.5 (left col.) disclosed about high-speed steel (HSS), cubic boron nitride (CBN), or carbide as the material type in cutting tool (which is advisable to use). In page 3067 in Table 3 it has been discussed that “polycrystalline diamond” and “cemented carbide” as type of material used in cutting tool). 
 Khadka teaches the form type of cutting edge comprises: straight edge, arc-shaped edge, cutting edge with negative chamber, tooth-shaped edge, cutting edge with micro rounded corner; (Khadka disclosed in page 3054-3055 section 5.3: “Tool geometry is crucial in controlling tool wear, as it directly impacts cutting forces, heat generation, and the distribution of stresses during machining. Key geometric factors, such as rake angle, relief angle, cutting edge radius, and corner design, must be optimized to minimize wear and extend tool life. … as shown in Fig. 20, illustrated the effect of edge radius on flank wear, with the figure suggesting that wear decreases as the cutting edge radius increases. Studies have shown that tools with optimized geometries, such as chamfered or rounded corners, reduce stress concentrations and improve tool durability, …”.). 
 wherein Khadka teaches the material type of of coating comprises: titanium nitride, titanium carbonitride and diamond coating. (Khadka disclosed in page 3066 Table 3 about “titanium nitride” (TiN) and “titanium carbonitride” (TiCN) coatings).
 Das, Paturi and Khadka are analogous art because they are related to have predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das, Paturi and Khadka, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das and Paturi’s teaching, to include different types of workpieces, with various cutting and coating parameters on Khadka’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Khadka because “In summary, this work serves as a foundational frame work for advancing the field of machining research by explicating the significance of investigating tool wear under dynamic machining conditions, integrating diverse model ling approaches, and exploring innovative methodologies. It highlights the gaps in current industry practices and acknowledges the ‘unsolvables’ in tool wear prediction and monitoring. Ultimately, the findings emphasize the critical importance of pursuing in-depth studies to address the com plex challenges inherent in tool wear prediction, tool wear monitoring, and optimizing machining performance.” (Khadka disclosed in page 3071 section 9 (right col.).
 Regarding Claim 4, Das, Paturi and Khadka teach the recommendation system according to claim 1, Das teaches a material set W of the workpiece is defined (Das disclosed page 8 section 2 about designation of the workpiece as “AISI D6 steel” as one type of workpiece and the material type herein is AISI D6 steel). 
 Further, Das teaches defining a thickness set of coating in page 8 section 2: “the thickness of AlTiN coating was 0.5± 0.1 micron and that of TiSiN was 0.2 ± 0.1 micron.”).
 However, Das doesn’t explicitly teach the limitation “defining a thickness set of coating as H, wherein H = {Hρ I ρ ∈ [1, g]}; Hρ represents a thickness of a ρ -th type of coating, ρ represents an index of the thickness of coating, and g represents a number of thicknesses of coating; defining the initial population as Q, and wherein Q = {Q1,Q2,…,Qj,…,Qn; Qj represents a j-th individual in the initial population, j represents an index of an individual in the initial population, and j ∈ [1,d], d represents a number of individuals in the initial population; Qj = {Cγj, Hρj}; wherein Cγj a material type of coating, Hρj a thickness of coating of the j-th individual.” 
 Paturi teaches defining a thickness set of coating as H, wherein H = {Hρ I ρ ∈ [1, g]}; Hρ represents a thickness of a ρ -th type of coating, ρ represents an index of the thickness of coating, and g represents a number of thicknesses of coating; (Paturi disclosed in page 2 section 2: “The ESD coating experimental setup with a sample measure of coating thickness on deposited cutting tool substrates using the tool maker's microscope is shown in Fig. 1.” In page 7 section 4.4: “Process optimization is carried out till the average deviation in the fitness value is under the given tolerance. Optimization is terminated at the 51st iteration, and the final fitness objective value obtained for coating thickness is 12.35. … Variation of fitness value against the number of generations is presented in Fig. 9(a). Approximately at the 50th generation, the best fitness value, i.e., coating thickness is obtained.”). 
 and Paturi teaches defining the initial population as Q, and wherein Q = {Q1,Q2,…,Qj,…,Qn; Qj represents a j-th individual in the initial population, j represents an index of an individual in the initial population, and j ∈ [1,d], d represents a number of individuals in the initial population; Qj = {Cγj, Hρj}; wherein Cγj a material type of coating, Hρj a thickness of coating of the j-th individual. (Paturi disclosed in page 5 section 3.4 (right col.): “Selecting the best input conditions for the ESD process plays a pivotal step in obtaining desired value of coating thickness. GA has been implemented in the current work to optimize the input parameters and get the required coating thickness. The MATLAB toolbox is used for GA optimization. … Optimum conditions for population size, population type, selection function, and the number of generations are chosen accordingly. Optimization is terminated when the average variation in the fitness value is lower than the given tolerance. The optimized input parameters and coating thickness value at those conditions are obtained …”.
 In page 7 section 4.4: “Process optimization is carried out till the average deviation in the fitness value is under the given tolerance. Optimization is terminated at the 51st iteration, and the final fitness objective value obtained for coating thickness is 12.35. … Variation of fitness value against the number of generations is presented in Fig. 9(a). Approximately at the 50th generation, the best fitness value, i.e., coating thickness is obtained.”). 
 Das and Paturi are analogous art because they are related to have Predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on carbide cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das and Paturi, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das’s teaching, to include obtaining and selecting optimal value for the coating parameters of Paturi’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Paturi because “the primary motivation behind this study is to promote and develop the machine learning model (ANN and SVM) for the prediction of coating thickness in a nonlinear ESD process and relate the same with the results predicted by the conventional RSM model. Also, a GA-based machine learning approach has been implemented to optimize ESD process input parameters and obtain desired coating thickness. In modeling, real-time experimental data determined from the ESD process has been utilized”. (Paturi disclosed in page 2 section 1 (left col.).
 However, Paturi doesn’t explicitly teach the limitation “a material set W of the workpiece is defined, wherein W = {Wi ε [1, n]}; and Wi represents a material type of an i-th type of workpiece, i represents an index of the material type of workpiece, and n represents a number of material types of workpiece; a process of randomly combining the cutter parameters and the coating parameters, and establishing individuals in the initial population comprises: defining a material set of cutter as T, wherein T = {Tα I α ∈ [1, m]}; Tα represents a material type of an α-th type of cutter, α represents an index of the material type of cutter, and m represents a number of material types of cutter; defining a form set of cutting edge as R, wherein R = {Rβ I β ∈ [1, r]}; Rβ represents a form of a β-th type of cutting edge, β represents an index of the form of cutting edge, and r represents a number of forms of cutting edge; defining a material set of coating as C, wherein C = {Cγ I γ ∈ [1, k]}; Cγ represents a material type of a γ-th type of coating, γ represents an index of the material type of coating, and k represents a number of material types of coating; Qj = {Tαj, Rβj}, wherein Tαj, Rβj, represent a material type of cutter, a form type of cutting edge, respectively.” 
 wherein Khadka teaches a material set W of the workpiece is defined, wherein W = {Wi ε [1, n]}; and Wi represents a material type of an i-th type of workpiece, i represents an index of the material type of workpiece, and n represents a number of material types of workpiece; (Khadka disclosed in page 3040 section 3.1.2 (right col.) about “steel and cast-iron workpieces”. Further in page 3066-3069 Table 3 discussed about few more workpieces such as: stainless steel, AISI 1045 Steel, high strength low alloy steel, stainless steel AISI, Hybrid Steel 55. This disclosure represents different material types of workpieces). 
 wherein Khadka teaches a process of randomly combining the cutter parameters and the coating parameters, and establishing individuals in the initial population comprises: (Khadka disclosed in page 3053 section 5.1 (left col.): “Selecting an appropriate cutting tool material and coatings is crucial for reducing tool wear, necessitating an in-depth examination of properties such as hardness, toughness, strength, and thermal conductivity. … The selection of correct tool material and coatings depends on the specific wear or failure mechanisms it may encounter. … Coating materials on tools typically decrease friction between the tool and the workpiece, thereby minimizing wear on the tool. ... coated carbide inserts with multilayer composite nanostructures, Ti-TiN (Ti,Cr,Al)N and Zr-ZrN-(Zr,Al,Si)N, and found that this composite coating resulted in a tool life increase of 4 to 4.5 times.” Further, in page 3055 section 5.4: “Optimum cutting parameters represent the ideal combination of cutting conditions, such as cutting speed, feed rate, and depth of cut, designed to maximize machining efficiency while minimizing tool wear. These parameters aim to achieve a balance between maximizing productivity and prolonging tool life, … TiN-coated carbide tools take longer to initiate cracking and fracturing at the cutting edge compared to uncoated cermet tools, particularly under conditions of high cutting speed, feed rate, and depth of cut. Conversely, at lower cutting speed, feed rate, and depth of cut, uncoated cermet tools demonstrate more consistent and gradual wear on the flank face than TiN-coated carbide tools subjected to the same milling conditions.”), Khadka teaches defining a material set of cutter as T, wherein T = {Tα I α ∈ [1, m]}; Tα represents a material type of an α-th type of cutter, α represents an index of the material type of cutter, and m represents a number of material types of cutter; (Khadka disclosed in page 3059 section 6.2.1 (right col.) it has been disclosed about High-speed steels, Carbides and ceramics as type of materials in cutting tool. In page 3045 section 3.3.5 (left col.) disclosed about high-speed steel (HSS), cubic boron nitride (CBN), or carbide as the material type in cutting tool (which is advisable to use). In page 3067 in Table 3 it has been discussed that “polycrystalline diamond” and “cemented carbide” as type of material used in cutting tool).
 Khadka teaches defining a form set of cutting edge as R, wherein R = {Rβ I β ∈ [1, r]}; Rβ represents a form of a β-th type of cutting edge, β represents an index of the form of cutting edge, and r represents a number of forms of cutting edge; (Khadka disclosed in page 3054-3055 section 5.3: “Tool geometry is crucial in controlling tool wear, as it directly impacts cutting forces, heat generation, and the distribution of stresses during machining. Key geometric factors, such as rake angle, relief angle, cutting edge radius, and corner design, must be optimized to minimize wear and extend tool life. … as shown in Fig. 20, illustrated the effect of edge radius on flank wear, with the figure suggesting that wear decreases as the cutting edge radius increases. Studies have shown that tools with optimized geometries, such as chamfered or rounded corners, reduce stress concentrations and improve tool durability, …”.).
 Khadka teaches defining a material set of coating as C, wherein C = {Cγ I γ ∈ [1, k]}; Cγ represents a material type of a γ-th type of coating, γ represents an index of the material type of coating, and k represents a number of material types of coating; (Khadka disclosed in page 3066 Table 3 about “titanium nitride” (TiN) and “titanium carbonitride” (TiCN) coatings”).
 Khadka teaches Qj = {Tαj, Rβj}, wherein Tαj, Rβj, represent a material type of cutter, a form type of cutting edge, respectively. (Khadka disclosed in page 3059 section 6.2.1 (right col.) it has been disclosed about High-speed steels, Carbides and ceramics as type of materials in cutting tool. In page 3045 section 3.3.5 (left col.) disclosed about high-speed steel (HSS), cubic boron nitride (CBN), or carbide as the material type in cutting tool (which is advisable to use). In page 3067 in Table 3 it has been discussed that “polycrystalline diamond” and “cemented carbide” as type of material used in cutting tool. In page 3054-3055 section 5.3: “Tool geometry is crucial in controlling tool wear, as it directly impacts cutting forces, heat generation, and the distribution of stresses during machining. Key geometric factors, such as rake angle, relief angle, cutting edge radius, and corner design, must be optimized to minimize wear and extend tool life. … as shown in Fig. 20, illustrated the effect of edge radius on flank wear, with the figure suggesting that wear decreases as the cutting edge radius increases. Studies have shown that tools with optimized geometries, such as chamfered or rounded corners, reduce stress concentrations and improve tool durability, …”.).
 Das, Paturi and Khadka are analogous art because they are related to have predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das, Paturi and Khadka, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das and Paturi’s teaching, to include different types of workpieces, with various cutting and coating parameters on Khadka’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Khadka because “In summary, this work serves as a foundational frame work for advancing the field of machining research by explicating the significance of investigating tool wear under dynamic machining conditions, integrating diverse model ling approaches, and exploring innovative methodologies. It highlights the gaps in current industry practices and acknowledges the ‘unsolvables’ in tool wear prediction and monitoring. Ultimately, the findings emphasize the critical importance of pursuing in-depth studies to address the com plex challenges inherent in tool wear prediction, tool wear monitoring, and optimizing machining performance.” (Khadka disclosed in page 3071 section 9 (right col.). 
 Regarding Claims 10 and 12, Das and Paturi teach the recommendation method according to claim 9, is incorporating the rejections of claims 2 and 4, because claims 10 and 12 have substantially similar claim language as claims 2 and 4 respectively, therefore claims 10 and 12 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Das, Paturi and Khadka as discussed above for substantially similar rationale. 
 Claims 3,5-8,11 and 13-16 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Das, Paturi and Khadka and in view of an Article “Effects of different distribution of residual stresses in the depth direction on cutting performance of TiAlN coated WC-10wt%Co tools in milling Ti-6Al 4V” by Mingdong Hou et al. (hereinafter Hou, available online 2020).
 Regarding claim 3, Das and Paturi teach the recommendation system according to claim 1, even Das teaches about wear width and cutting force as machining parameters, and surface roughness. However, Das and Paturi do not explicitly teach the limitations “the cutter characteristic data comprises: a wear width of a rear cutting edge and an increase in cutting force; 
 wherein Khadka teaches the cutter characteristic data comprises: a wear width of a rear cutting edge and an increase in cutting force; (Khadka disclosed in page section 3 (right col.): “Figure 2 illustrates different types of wear on turning tools mentioned in the standard. These criteria are crucial for maintaining machining precision and efficiency. … Maximum flank wear land width: This criterion sets a threshold for the width of the flank wear land, typically at 600 µm, provided the wear is not regularly worn, scratched, chipped, or badly grooved.” In page 3042 section 3.2.1 (left col.): “Flank wear occurs at the tool flanks where it contacts the finished surface due to abrasion and adhesion wear. The cutting force increases with the extent of flank wear. The region affected by flank wear is known as the wear land, measured by its width. If the width of the wear land exceeds 0.5–0.6 mm, excessive cutting forces can cause tool failure”).
 Das, Paturi and Khadka are analogous art because they are related to have predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das, Paturi and Khadka, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das and Paturi’s teaching, to include different types of workpieces, with various cutting and coating parameters on Khadka’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Khadka because “In summary, this work serves as a foundational frame work for advancing the field of machining research by explicating the significance of investigating tool wear under dynamic machining conditions, integrating diverse model ling approaches, and exploring innovative methodologies. It highlights the gaps in current industry practices and acknowledges the ‘unsolvables’ in tool wear prediction and monitoring. Ultimately, the findings emphasize the critical importance of pursuing in-depth studies to address the com plex challenges inherent in tool wear prediction, tool wear monitoring, and optimizing machining performance.” (Khadka disclosed in page 3071 section 9 (right col.)). 
 Even Das and Khadka teach about “surface roughness”. However, Das, Paturi and Khadka do not explicitly teach the limitation “the workpiece cutting performance data comprises: surface roughness and residual stress of the workpiece”.
 Hou teaches the workpiece cutting performance data comprises: surface roughness and residual stress of the workpiece. (Hou disclosed in page 9 section 3.4 (left col.): “Fig. 12 (b) is the enlarged view of cutting edge of Sample 1 in Area b and continuous spalling of substrate material is observed in this cutting edge. The integrity of the cutting edge will affect the surface accuracy of the work piece. The coating is also heavily worn near the cutting edge of the tool. Fig. 12 (d) is the enlarged view of Sample 1 in Area d and adhesion of titanium alloy is observed. The wear surface is rough and microcrack is observed. All these phenomena indicate that Sample1 after machining 1143 m, in which the substrate material on the cutting edge of the tool flakes off and the wear surface is rough, has exceeded the life limit.”
 In page 7 section 3.2: “The average residual stresses distribution from substrate to surface of two samples are shown in Fig. 8 with a step size of 0.4 μm. The average compressive residual stress decreases from substrate to surface in both samples. It respectively decreases from ~2600 MPa to ~0 MPa for Sample 1 and from ~2250 MPa to ~1100 MPa for Sample 2. … The average residual stress (compression) within 1.5 μm from the substrate in Sample 2 is ~300 MPa lower than that in Sample 1.”).
 Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou are analogous art because they are related to study/analysis tool wear in order to have better tool life by optimizing coating parameter. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou, before him or her, to modify the surface roughness while predicting tool life in Das and Khadka’s teaching, to include surface roughness and residual stress of the workpiece as cutting performance in Hou’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Hou because “In this paper, we studied different distribution of residual stresses in the depth direction of thin TiAlN coatings using Micro-Raman spectroscopy with the laser diameter of 400 nm. The effects of these different distributions on hardness and cutting performance were investigated. This paper provides a novel method to study the residual stress distribution in the thickness direction (about a few microns) which could be widely used for scientific and applied researches of thin coatings.” (Hou disclosed in page 2 section 1 (left col.)).
 Regarding claim 5, Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou teach the recommendation system according to claim 3, However, Das and Paturi do not explicitly teach the limitations “the cutter characteristic data is processed based on following formula to obtain the life-evaluation coefficient for evaluating life of the cutter: SPxsj = w1Vbj + w2ΔFj; wherein SPxsj represents a life-evaluation coefficient of the j-th individual, and the life-evaluation coefficient is used to comprehensively evaluate a length of life of the cutter by combining two indicators of the wear width of rear cutting edge and the increase in cutting force; Vbj represents the wear width of rear cutting edge of the j-th individual; ΔFj represents the increase in cutting force of the j-th individual; and j represents the index of the individual in the initial population; and wherein w1 represents a weight coefficient of the wear width of rear cutting edge, and w2 represents a weight coefficient of the increase in cutting force; and wherein when w1+w2=1 is met, 0<w2<w1<1.”
 wherein Khadka teaches the cutter characteristic data is processed based on following formula to obtain the life-evaluation coefficient for evaluating life of the cutter: SPxsj = w1Vbj + w2ΔFj; wherein SPxsj represents a life-evaluation coefficient of the j-th individual, and the life-evaluation coefficient is used to comprehensively evaluate a length of life of the cutter by combining two indicators of the wear width of rear cutting edge and the increase in cutting force; Vbj represents the wear width of rear cutting edge of the j-th individual; ΔFj represents the increase in cutting force of the j-th individual; and j represents the index of the individual in the initial population; and wherein w1 represents a weight coefficient of the wear width of rear cutting edge, and w2 represents a weight coefficient of the increase in cutting force; and wherein when w1+w2=1 is met, 0<w2<w1<1. (Under BRI and conventional meaning in the art, Examiner would construe the claim term “coefficient” as amount or quantity of cutter’s life.
 Khadka disclosed in page 3042 section 3.2.1 (left col.): “Flank wear occurs at the tool flanks where it contacts the finished surface due to abrasion and adhesion wear. The cutting force increases with the extent of flank wear. The region affected by flank wear is known as the wear land, measured by its width. If the width of the wear land exceeds 0.5–0.6 mm, excessive cutting forces can cause tool failure. As the wear land on the tool increases, the standard deviation analysis of the cutting force signals shows a significant rise, indicating higher cutting forces that could potentially lead to tool failure when the wear exceeds a critical threshold.” This disclosure teaches the claimed formula above, where increasing the wear width of cutting edge and the cutting force causes the tool failure, i.e., when the wear width increases cutting force also increased as per the standard deviation analysis, which eventually lead to tool failure. Therefore, life of the cutter: SPxsj = w1Vbj + w2ΔFj, is evaluated, as discussed above.
 Further, in page 3057-3058 section 6.1: “Experimental testing is the most accepted method for predicting cutting tool life. Analytical methods are based on experimental observations of the effects of individual parameters such as feed, cutting speed, depth of cut, and tool geometries. … Empirical models are usually structured in polynomial forms in terms of cutting parameters. While this approach is commonly used in practice, it requires a higher number of cutting parameters and coefficients, such as those related to cutting parameters, machining processes, tool geometry, and the materials of the cutting tool and workpiece.”).
 Das, Paturi and Khadka are analogous art because they are related to have predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das, Paturi and Khadka, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das and Paturi’s teaching, to include different types of workpieces, with various cutting and coating parameters on Khadka’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Khadka because “In summary, this work serves as a foundational frame work for advancing the field of machining research by explicating the significance of investigating tool wear under dynamic machining conditions, integrating diverse model ling approaches, and exploring innovative methodologies. It highlights the gaps in current industry practices and acknowledges the ‘unsolvables’ in tool wear prediction and monitoring. Ultimately, the findings emphasize the critical importance of pursuing in-depth studies to address the com plex challenges inherent in tool wear prediction, tool wear monitoring, and optimizing machining performance.” (Khadka disclosed in page 3071 section 9 (right col.)).
 Regarding Claim 6, Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou teach the recommendation system according to claim 5, Even Das and Khadka teach about “cutting performance data”, however Das, Paturi and Khadka do not explicitly teach the limitation “the cutting performance data is processed based on following formula to obtain the quality-evaluation coefficient for evaluating quality of the workpiece: QPxsj = w3Raj + w4σj; wherein QPxsj represents a quality-evaluation coefficient of the j-th individual, and the quality-evaluation coefficient is used to comprehensively evaluate a quality of the workpiece by combining two indicators of the surface roughness and the residual stress of the workpiece; Raj represents the surface roughness of the workpiece of the j-th individual; and σj represents the residual stress of the j-th individual; and wherein w3 represents a weight coefficient of the surface roughness of workpiece, and w4 represents a weight coefficient of the residual stress; and wherein, when w3+w4=1 is met, 0<w4<w3<1.”
 wherein Hou teaches the cutting performance data is processed based on following formula to obtain the quality-evaluation coefficient for evaluating quality of the workpiece: QPxsj = w3Raj + w4σj; wherein QPxsj represents a quality-evaluation coefficient of the j-th individual, and the quality-evaluation coefficient is used to comprehensively evaluate a quality of the workpiece by combining two indicators of the surface roughness and the residual stress of the workpiece; Raj represents the surface roughness of the workpiece of the j-th individual; and σj represents the residual stress of the j-th individual; and wherein w3 represents a weight coefficient of the surface roughness of workpiece, and w4 represents a weight coefficient of the residual stress; and wherein, when w3+w4=1 is met, 0<w4<w3<1. (Hou disclosed in page 9 section 3.4: “Fig. 12 (b) is the enlarged view of cutting edge of Sample 1 in Area b and continuous spalling of substrate material is observed in this cutting edge. The integrity of the cutting edge will affect the surface accuracy of the work piece. The coating is also heavily worn near the cutting edge of the tool. Fig. 12 (d) is the enlarged view of Sample 1 in Area d and adhesion of titanium alloy is observed. The wear surface is rough and microcrack is observed. All these phenomena indicate that Sample1 after machining 1143 m, in which the substrate material on the cutting edge of the tool flakes off and the wear surface is rough, has exceeded the life limit.”
 In page 9-10 section 3.4: “Fig. 13 (d) is the enlarged view of Sample 2 in Area d and the wear surface is smoother than Sample 1. Only a few titanium alloys adhere to the wear surface. Sample 2 is in better condition than sample 1 though after machining 334 m longer than sample 1. These results indicate that Sample 2 with higher compressive residual stress possesses better wear capacity and lower forces than Sample 1. The reason is that crack propagating deeper into the coating will encounter higher compressive residual stresses which will force the cracks propagate parallel to the direction of stress rather than following cleavage planes. The higher the compressive stresses the crack encounters, the faster it will deflect. Thus the coating on the surface is peeling off and a smooth worn surface appears, as shown in Fig. 12 (d) and Fig. 13 (d). This smooth worn surface results in a lower contact pressure. Also, new crack needs to overcome higher compressive stress to propagate vertically. … The tangential force is caused by the friction between chip and tool surface. As Sample 2 with higher compressive residual stress tends to have a smooth worn surface during milling, the friction reduces between chip and tool surface.” The disclosures above teach the limitation “the quality-evaluation coefficient is used to comprehensively evaluate a quality of the workpiece by combining two indicators of the surface roughness and the residual stress of the workpiece”).
 Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou are analogous art because they are related to study/analysis tool wear in order to have better tool life by optimizing coating parameter. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou, before him or her, to modify the surface roughness while predicting tool life in Das and Khadka’s teaching, to include surface roughness and residual stress of the workpiece as cutting performance in Hou’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Hou because “In this paper, we studied different distribution of residual stresses in the depth direction of thin TiAlN coatings using Micro-Raman spectroscopy with the laser diameter of 400 nm. The effects of these different distributions on hardness and cutting performance were investigated. This paper provides a novel method to study the residual stress distribution in the thickness direction (about a few microns) which could be widely used for scientific and applied researches of thin coatings.” (Hou disclosed in page 2 section 1 (left col.)).
 Regarding Claim 7, Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou teach the recommendation system according to claim 6, even Das and Khadka teach about “tool life” which corresponds to life-evaluation of a cutter, however Das, Paturi and Khadka do not explicitly teach the limitation “the life-evaluation coefficient and the quality-evaluation coefficient are processed based on following formula to obtain the comprehensive evaluation coefficient: ZPxsj = w5SPxsj + w6QPxsj; wherein ZPxsj represents a comprehensive evaluation coefficient of the j-th individual, and the comprehensive evaluation coefficient is used to comprehensively evaluate an overall performance of the combination of cutter and coating by combining two indicators of the life-evaluation coefficient and the quality-evaluation coefficient; and wherein w5 represents a weight coefficient of the life-evaluation coefficient, and w6 represents a weight coefficient of the quality-evaluation coefficient; and values of w5 and w6 are determined by an analytic hierarchy process.”
 wherein Hou teaches the life-evaluation coefficient and the quality-evaluation coefficient are processed based on following formula to obtain the comprehensive evaluation coefficient: ZPxsj = w5SPxsj + w6QPxsj; wherein ZPxsj represents a comprehensive evaluation coefficient of the j-th individual, and the comprehensive evaluation coefficient is used to comprehensively evaluate an overall performance of the combination of cutter and coating by combining two indicators of the life-evaluation coefficient and the quality-evaluation coefficient; and wherein w5 represents a weight coefficient of the life-evaluation coefficient, and w6 represents a weight coefficient of the quality-evaluation coefficient; and values of w5 and w6 are determined by an analytic hierarchy process. (Hou disclosed in page 9 section 3.4: “Fig. 12 (b) is the enlarged view of cutting edge of Sample 1 in Area b and continuous spalling of substrate material is observed in this cutting edge. The integrity of the cutting edge will affect the surface accuracy of the work piece. The coating is also heavily worn near the cutting edge of the tool. Fig. 12 (d) is the enlarged view of Sample 1 in Area d and adhesion of titanium alloy is observed. The wear surface is rough and microcrack is observed. All these phenomena indicate that Sample1 after machining 1143 m, in which the substrate material on the cutting edge of the tool flakes off and the wear surface is rough, has exceeded the life limit.”
 In page 9-10 section 3.4: “Fig. 13 (d) is the enlarged view of Sample 2 in Area d and the wear surface is smoother than Sample 1. Only a few titanium alloys adhere to the wear surface. Sample 2 is in better condition than sample 1 though after machining 334 m longer than sample 1. These results indicate that Sample 2 with higher compressive residual stress possesses better wear capacity and lower forces than Sample 1. The reason is that crack propagating deeper into the coating will encounter higher compressive residual stresses which will force the cracks propagate parallel to the direction of stress rather than following cleavage planes. The higher the compressive stresses the crack encounters, the faster it will deflect. Thus the coating on the surface is peeling off and a smooth worn surface appears, as shown in Fig. 12 (d) and Fig. 13 (d). This smooth worn surface results in a lower contact pressure. Also, new crack needs to overcome higher compressive stress to propagate vertically. … The tangential force is caused by the friction between chip and tool surface.” The disclosures above teach the limitation “evaluate an overall performance of the combination of cutter and coating by combining two indicators of the life-evaluation coefficient and the quality-evaluation coefficient”).
 Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou are analogous art because they are related to study/analysis tool wear in order to have better tool life by optimizing coating parameter. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou, before him or her, to modify the surface roughness while predicting tool life in Das and Khadka’s teaching, to include surface roughness and residual stress of the workpiece as cutting performance in Hou’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Hou because “In this paper, we studied different distribution of residual stresses in the depth direction of thin TiAlN coatings using Micro-Raman spectroscopy with the laser diameter of 400 nm. The effects of these different distributions on hardness and cutting performance were investigated. This paper provides a novel method to study the residual stress distribution in the thickness direction (about a few microns) which could be widely used for scientific and applied researches of thin coatings.” (Hou disclosed in page 2 section 1 (left col.)).
 Regarding Claim 8, Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou teach the recommendation system according to claim 7, even Das teach about “coating thickness”, however Das, doesn’t explicitly teach the limitations “the iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population through a genetic algorithm based on minimization of the comprehensive evaluation coefficient, to obtain optimal individuals; and an optimal value of the coating parameters based on the optimal individuals comprise: serving a minimization of the comprehensive evaluation coefficient ZPxsj as an optimization objective, and iteratively optimizing the initial population Q, which comprises: selecting individuals in the initial population Q and performing cross-operation on the selected individuals; wherein during the iteratively optimizing, constraint conditions comprising a maximum value and a minimum value of the thickness of coating are preset; and within a constraint range of the thickness of coating, iteratively optimizing the initial population Q, wherein iteratively optimizing the initial population Q comprises: sorting all comprehensive evaluation coefficients ZPxsj corresponding to the individuals in an ascending order to obtain a sequence, selecting individuals corresponding to a top 50% of the sequence as parents, exchanging genes of individuals in the parents through the cross-operation and combining to obtain new individuals, and repeating a process of selecting individuals corresponding to a top 50% of the sequence as parents, exchanging genes of individuals in the parents through the cross-operation and combining to obtain new individuals, until a predetermined number of iterations is reached;”
 wherein Paturi teaches the iteratively optimizing the individuals in the initial population through a genetic algorithm based on minimization of the comprehensive evaluation coefficient, to obtain optimal individuals; and an optimal value of the coating parameters based on the optimal individuals comprise: serving a minimization of the comprehensive evaluation coefficient ZPxsj as an optimization objective, and iteratively optimizing the initial population Q, which comprises: selecting individuals in the initial population Q and performing cross-operation on the selected individuals; wherein during the iteratively optimizing, constraint conditions comprising a maximum value and a minimum value of the thickness of coating are preset; and within a constraint range of the thickness of coating, iteratively optimizing the initial population Q, wherein iteratively optimizing the initial population Q comprises: sorting all comprehensive evaluation coefficients ZPxsj corresponding to the individuals in an ascending order to obtain a sequence, selecting individuals corresponding to a top 50% of the sequence as parents, exchanging genes of individuals in the parents through the cross-operation and combining to obtain new individuals, and repeating a process of selecting individuals corresponding to a top 50% of the sequence as parents, exchanging genes of individuals in the parents through the cross-operation and combining to obtain new individuals, until a predetermined number of iterations is reached; (Paturi disclosed in page 5 section 3.3: “Statistical based response surface method (RSM) is the most widely used tool in process modeling and optimization. … RSM utilizes a sequence of experiments to establish the optimal response of the system or determine the range of operational factors to extend the process improvement. … The relationship generated between independent input variables (electric potential, powder feed pressure, and distance between nozzle tip to the substrate) with one desired dependent variable (coating thickness) is expressed with Eq. (7). … where, y denotes the predicted result for each dependent variable, … β12, β23 and β31 are the regression coefficients corresponding to cross part of the model, …”.
 It has been disclosed in page 7 section 4.4: “to investigate the optimal deposition process parameters and comprehend their significance on the overall thickness of the coatings, GA optimization is employed. The mathematical equation derived through RSM modeling has been opted as a fitness function for GA optimization. The conditions opted for GA implementation are shown in Table 4. Lower bounds are taken as level 1 factors of experimental data, and upper bounds are taken as level 3 factors of experimental data. Process optimization is carried out till the average deviation in the fitness value is under the given tolerance. Optimization is terminated at the 51st iteration, and the final fitness objective value obtained for coating thickness is 12.35. ... Variation of fitness value against the number of generations is presented in Fig. 9(a). Approximately at the 50th generation, the best fitness value, i.e., coating thickness is obtained. Fig. 9(b) depicts the best input parameter values that resulted in desired coating thickness. The best fitness value was observed at level 1 factor of electric potential and the nozzle tip to the substrate distance and level 2 factor of powder feed pressure. Hence, GA has been highly influential in optimizing the input parameters and yielding the required response value. Moreover, validation of GA results is performed by comparing them with experimental values. It is found that the error between GA fitness value and experimental value is only 3.44%, demonstrating the technique's excellent capability in nonlinear process optimization.”).
 Paturi teaches after iteratively optimizing the initial population Q, serving the optimal individuals as Qj1 = {Cγ1j1, Hρ1j1}; wherein the optimal value of the coating parameters comprise: a material type of coating Cγ1j1, and a thickness of coating Hρ1j1, respectively. (Paturi disclosed in page 5 section 3.4 (right col.): “Selecting the best input conditions for the ESD process plays a pivotal step in obtaining desired value of coating thickness. GA has been implemented in the current work to optimize the input parameters and get the required coating thickness. The MATLAB toolbox is used for GA optimization. … Optimum conditions for population size, population type, selection function, and the number of generations are chosen accordingly. Optimization is terminated when the average variation in the fitness value is lower than the given tolerance. The optimized input parameters and coating thickness value at those conditions are obtained …”.
 In page 7 section 4.4: “Process optimization is carried out till the average deviation in the fitness value is under the given tolerance. Optimization is terminated at the 51st iteration, and the final fitness objective value obtained for coating thickness is 12.35. … Variation of fitness value against the number of generations is presented in Fig. 9(a). Approximately at the 50th generation, the best fitness value, i.e., coating thickness is obtained.”).
Das and Paturi are analogous art because they are related to have Predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on carbide cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das and Paturi, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das’s teaching, to include obtaining and selecting optimal value for the coating parameters of Paturi’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Paturi because “the primary motivation behind this study is to promote and develop the machine learning model (ANN and SVM) for the prediction of coating thickness in a nonlinear ESD process and relate the same with the results predicted by the conventional RSM model. Also, a GA-based machine learning approach has been implemented to optimize ESD process input parameters and obtain desired coating thickness. In modeling, real-time experimental data determined from the ESD process has been utilized”. (Paturi disclosed in page 2 section 1 (left col.)).
However, Das and Paturi do not explicitly teach the limitations “extracting an optimal value of the cutter parameters; the optimal value of the cutter parameters comprise: Qj1 = {Tα1j1, Rβ1j1}, wherein Tα1j1, Rβ1j1, represent a material type of cutter, a form type of cutting edge, respectively.”
 Khadka teaches extracting an optimal value of the cutter parameters. (Khadka disclosed in page 3054-3055 section 5.3: “Tool geometry is crucial in controlling tool wear, as it directly impacts cutting forces, heat generation, and the distribution of stresses during machining. Key geometric factors, such as rake angle, relief angle, cutting edge radius, and corner design, must be optimized to minimize wear and extend tool life. … as shown in Fig. 20, illustrated the effect of edge radius on flank wear, with the figure suggesting that wear decreases as the cutting edge radius increases. Studies have shown that tools with optimized geometries, such as chamfered or rounded corners, reduce stress concentrations and improve tool durability, …”.).
and Khadka teaches the optimal value of the cutter parameters comprise: Qj1 = {Tα1j1, Rβ1j1}, wherein Tα1j1, Rβ1j1, represent a material type of cutter, a form type of cutting edge, respectively. (Khadka disclosed in page 3059 section 6.2.1 (right col.) it has been disclosed about High-speed steels, Carbides and ceramics as type of materials in cutting tool. In page 3045 section 3.3.5 (left col.) disclosed about high-speed steel (HSS), cubic boron nitride (CBN), or carbide as the material type in cutting tool (which is advisable to use). In page 3067 in Table 3 it has been discussed that “polycrystalline diamond” and “cemented carbide” as type of material used in cutting tool. In page 3054-3055 section 5.3: “Tool geometry is crucial in controlling tool wear, as it directly impacts cutting forces, heat generation, and the distribution of stresses during machining. Key geometric factors, such as rake angle, relief angle, cutting edge radius, and corner design, must be optimized to minimize wear and extend tool life. … as shown in Fig. 20, illustrated the effect of edge radius on flank wear, with the figure suggesting that wear decreases as the cutting edge radius increases. Studies have shown that tools with optimized geometries, such as chamfered or rounded corners, reduce stress concentrations and improve tool durability, …”.).
 Das, Paturi and Khadka are analogous art because they are related to have predictive modeling and parameter optimization through machine learning techniques implemented on cutting tool. Before the effective filing date of the claimed invention, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art, having the teachings of Das, Paturi and Khadka, before him or her, to modify the coating characterization of cutting tool in Das and Paturi’s teaching, to include different types of workpieces, with various cutting and coating parameters on Khadka’s teaching. The suggestion/motivation for doing so would have been obvious by Khadka because “In summary, this work serves as a foundational frame work for advancing the field of machining research by explicating the significance of investigating tool wear under dynamic machining conditions, integrating diverse model ling approaches, and exploring innovative methodologies. It highlights the gaps in current industry practices and acknowledges the ‘unsolvables’ in tool wear prediction and monitoring. Ultimately, the findings emphasize the critical importance of pursuing in-depth studies to address the com plex challenges inherent in tool wear prediction, tool wear monitoring, and optimizing machining performance.” (Khadka disclosed in page 3071 section 9 (right col.)).
 Regarding Claim 11, Das and Paturi teach the recommendation method according to claim 9, is incorporating the rejections of claim 3, because claim 11 has substantially similar claim language as claim 3, therefore claim 11 is rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou as discussed above for substantially similar rationale.
 Regarding Claims 13-16, Das and Paturi teach the recommendation method according to claim 9, are incorporating the rejections of claims 5-8, because claims 13-16 have substantially similar claim language as claims 5-8, therefore claims 13-16 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Das, Paturi, Khadka and Hou as discussed above for substantially similar rationale.

Conclusion
11. The prior art made of record and not relied upon is considered pertinent to applicant's disclosure. An article “Multi-objective Optimization of Cutting Parameters for Machining Process of Ni-Rich NiTiHf High-Temperature Shape Memory Alloy Using Genetic Algorithm” A. O. Kabil et al. disclosed a study that focuses on optimizing cutting parameters of NiTiHf high-temperature shape memory alloys using a multi-objective optimization method. The empirical models are used to predict outputs in a turning process of Ni-rich NiTiHf and compared to experimental data. Cutting parameters, such as cutting speed, feed rate, and depth of cut, to obtain appropriate and acceptable values for critical outputs, such as cutting forces, tool wear, surface roughness, and dimensional deviation of machined parts. These have a great effect on performance criteria of turning processes in machining process of this alloy. These parameters were optimized by using Genetic Algorithm to obtain maximum tool life, minimum energy consumption, and maximum surface quality.
Any inquiry concerning this communication or earlier communications from the examiner should be directed to FILLIN "Examiner name" \* MERGEFORMATNUPUR DEBNATH whose telephone number is FILLIN "Phone number" \* MERGEFORMAT(571)272-8161. The examiner can normally be reached FILLIN "Work Schedule?" \* MERGEFORMATM-F 8:00 am -4:30 pm.
Examiner interviews are available via telephone, in-person, and video conferencing using a USPTO supplied web-based collaboration tool. To schedule an interview, applicant is encouraged to use the USPTO Automated Interview Request (AIR) at http://www.uspto.gov/interviewpractice.
If attempts to reach the examiner by telephone are unsuccessful, the examiner’s supervisor, Renee D Chavez can be reached on (571)270-1104. The fax phone number for the organization where this application or proceeding is assigned is 571-273-8300.
Information regarding the status of published or unpublished applications may be obtained from Patent Center. Unpublished application information in Patent Center is available to registered users. To file and manage patent submissions in Patent Center, visit: https://patentcenter.uspto.gov. Visit https://www.uspto.gov/patents/apply/patent-center for more information about Patent Center and https://www.uspto.gov/patents/docx for information about filing in DOCX format. For additional questions, contact the Electronic Business Center (EBC) at 866-217-9197 (toll-free). If you would like assistance from a USPTO Customer Service Representative, call 800-786-9199 (IN USA OR CANADA) or 571-272-1000.

/NUPUR DEBNATH/Examiner, Art Unit 2186 

/RENEE D CHAVEZ/Supervisory Patent Examiner, Art Unit 2186 

