
Notice of Pre-AIA or AIA Status
Claims 1-10 are currently presented for Examination.
The present application, filed on or after March 16, 2013, is being examined under the first inventor to file provisions of the AIA.

Priority
Acknowledgment is made of applicant’s claim for foreign priority under 35 U.S.C. 119 (a)-(d). The certified copy has been filed in parent Application No. CN202410931458.2, filed on 07/12/2024.

Information Disclosure Statement
 The information disclosure statements (IDS) submitted on 01/12/2026 are in compliance with the provisions of 37 CFR 1.97. Accordingly, the information disclosure statement is being considered by the examiner.


Claim Interpretation
5. The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112(f):
(f) Element in Claim for a Combination. – An element in a claim for a combination may be expressed as a means or step for performing a specified function without the recital of structure, material, or acts in support thereof, and such claim shall be construed to cover the corresponding structure, material, or acts described in the specification and equivalents thereof. 

6. The following is a quotation of pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph:
An element in a claim for a combination may be expressed as a means or step for performing a specified function without the recital of structure, material, or acts in support thereof, and such claim shall be construed to cover the corresponding structure, material, or acts described in the specification and equivalents thereof.

The claims in this application are given their broadest reasonable interpretation using the plain meaning of the claim language in light of the specification as it would be understood by one of ordinary skill in the art. The broadest reasonable interpretation of a claim element (also commonly referred to as a claim limitation) is limited by the description in the specification when 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, is invoked. 
As explained in MPEP § 2181, subsection I, claim limitations that meet the following three-prong test will be interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph:
(A)the claim limitation uses the term “means” or “step” or a term used as a substitute for “means” that is a generic placeholder (also called a nonce term or a non-structural term having no specific structural meaning) for performing the claimed function; 
(B)the term “means” or “step” or the generic placeholder is modified by functional language, typically, but not always linked by the transition word “for” (e.g., “means for”) or another linking word or phrase, such as “configured to” or “so that”; and 
(C)the term “means” or “step” or the generic placeholder is not modified by sufficient structure, material, or acts for performing the claimed function. 
Use of the word “means” (or “step”) in a claim with functional language creates a rebuttable presumption that the claim limitation is to be treated in accordance with 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph. The presumption that the claim limitation is interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, is rebutted when the claim limitation recites sufficient structure, material, or acts to entirely perform the recited function. 
Absence of the word “means” (or “step”) in a claim creates a rebuttable presumption that the claim limitation is not to be treated in accordance with 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph. The presumption that the claim limitation is not interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, is rebutted when the claim limitation recites function without reciting sufficient structure, material or acts to entirely perform the recited function. 
Claim limitations in this application that use the word “means” (or “step”) are being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, except as otherwise indicated in an Office action. Conversely, claim limitations in this application that do not use the word “means” (or “step”) are not being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, except as otherwise indicated in an Office action.
 This application includes one or more claim limitations that do not use the word “means,” but are nonetheless being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, because the claim limitation(s) uses a generic placeholder that is coupled with functional language without reciting sufficient structure to perform the recited function and the generic placeholder is not preceded by a structural modifier. 
Such claim limitation(s) is/are:
Claim 5 recites “source module…” and Claim 8 recites “subprocess module”
The above module does not have corresponding structure found in Specification.
Each of the above generic placeholder is specifically excluded from being interpreted as software per se. See MPEP §2181(II)(B) third to last paragraph.
Because this/these claim limitation(s) is/are being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, it/they is/are being interpreted to cover the corresponding structure described in the specification as performing the claimed function, and equivalents thereof.
If applicant does not intend to have this/these limitation(s) interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, applicant may: (1) amend the claim limitation(s) to avoid it/them being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph (e.g., by reciting sufficient structure to perform the claimed function); or (2) present a sufficient showing that the claim limitation(s) recite(s) sufficient structure to perform the claimed function so as to avoid it/them being interpreted under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph.


Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 112, First Paragraph
7. The following is a quotation of the first paragraph of 35 U.S.C. 112(a):
(a) IN GENERAL.—The specification shall contain a written description of the invention, and of the manner and process of making and using it, in such full, clear, concise, and exact terms as to enable any person skilled in the art to which it pertains, or with which it is most nearly connected, to make and use the same, and shall set forth the best mode contemplated by the inventor or joint inventor of carrying out the invention.

The following is a quotation of the first paragraph of pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112:
The specification shall contain a written description of the invention, and of the manner and process of making and using it, in such full, clear, concise, and exact terms as to enable any person skilled in the art to which it pertains, or with which it is most nearly connected, to make and use the same, and shall set forth the best mode contemplated by the inventor of carrying out his invention.

8. Claim 5 and 8 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(a) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), first paragraph, as failing to comply with the written description requirement. The claim(s) contains subject matter which was not described in the specification in such a way as to reasonably convey to one skilled in the relevant art that the inventor or a joint inventor, or for applications subject to pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, the inventor(s), at the time the application was filed, had possession of the claimed invention. Claim 5 recites “source module…” and Claim 8 recites “subprocess module.”. These limitations invoke 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AlA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, because they use the generic placeholders without reciting sufficient structure to achieve the function or to modify the generic placeholder. The above module does not have corresponding structure found in specification. According to MPEP § 2181(II)(B) "the structure corresponding to a 35 U.S.C. 112(f) claim limitation for a computer-implemented function must include the algorithm needed to transform the general-purpose computer or microprocessor disclosed in the specification.” The specification does not specifically link any algorithms to the module for performing the claimed function. Thus, the written description fails to disclose the corresponding structure, material, or acts for the claimed function. The written description does not include the structural elements to carry out these specifically claimed functions.


Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 112, Second Paragraph

9. The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112(b):

(b) CONCLUSION.—The specification shall conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor regards as the invention.

The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph:

The specification shall conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the applicant regards as his invention.


10. Claims 5 and 8 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(b) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AlA), second paragraph, as being indefinite for failing to particularly point out and distinctly claim the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor, or for pre-AlA the applicant regards as the invention. Claim 5 recites “source module…” and Claim 8 recites “subprocess module”. These limitations invoke 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AlA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph, because they use the generic placeholders without reciting sufficient structure to achieve the function or to modify the generic placeholder. The above module does not have corresponding structure found in Specification. In particular, note that “For a computer-implemented 35 U.S.C. 112(f) claim limitation, the specification must disclose an algorithm for performing the claimed specific computer function, or else the claim is indefinite under 35 U.S.C. 112(b)” [MPEP 2181 II.B]. The specification does not specifically link any algorithms to all the different module for performing the claimed function. Thus, the written description fails to disclose the corresponding structure, material, or acts for the claimed function and are indefinite. 

Applicant may: 
(a) Amend the claims so that the claim limitations will no longer be interpreted as a limitation under 35 U.S.C. 112(f) or pre-AlA 35 U.S.C. 112, sixth paragraph; or
(b) Amend the written description of the specification such that it expressly recites what structure, material, or acts perform the claimed function, without introducing any new matter (35 U.S.C. 132(a)).
If applicant is of the opinion that the written description of the specification already implicitly or inherently discloses the corresponding structure, material, or acts so that one of ordinary skill in the art would recognize what structure, material, or acts perform the claimed function applicant should clarify the record by either:
(a) Amending the written description of the specification such that it expressly recites the corresponding structure, material, or acts for performing the claimed function and clearly links or associates the structure, material, or acts to the claimed function, without introducing any new matter (35 U.S.C. 132(a)); or
(b) Stating on the record what the corresponding structure, material, or acts, which are implicitly or inherently set forth in the written description of the specification, perform the claimed function. For more information, see 37 CFR 1.75(d) and MPEP §§ 608.01 (o) and 2181.

11. Claim 1-10 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 112(b) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph, as being indefinite for failing to particularly point out and distinctly claim the subject matter which the inventor or a joint inventor (or for applications subject to pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 112, the applicant), regards as the invention. 
a. The claims (1-10) are generally narrative and indefinite, failing to conform with current U.S. practice. They appear to be a literal translation into English from a foreign document and are replete with grammatical and idiomatic errors.
b. Claim 1 recites the limitation “key data…”. The term "key data" used in the phrase "...to provide key data for dynamic water quality assessment" is a subjective, laudatory, and relative term that does not clearly define the scope of the invention. It is unclear to a person of ordinary skill in the art what data constitutes "key data" versus non-key data. The term "key" is a matter of subjective interpretation. What is considered "key" may vary between modelers, scenarios, or specific water intake locations (e.g., pH, flow rate, or nutrient levels). The claim fails to provide any objective standard or limiting criteria within the specification to define what constitutes "key".
c. Claim 1 recites the limitation “water treatment plant being simplified as a treatment node…”. The term "simplified" is a term of degree that does not provide a clear standard for determining the scope of the claim. The specification does not define a standard for this "simplification" that allows one of ordinary skill in the art to differentiate between a "simplified" node and a non-simplified node. Consequently, the claim is not limited to any specific structure or method of simplification, rendering the scope of the invention unclear, see MPEP 2173.05(b) regarding terms of degree.
d. The claim 1 recites a "complete numerical model for the integrated water supply system... to automate the entire water quality change simulation process." This language is functional and constitutes a "result-oriented" definition. Specifically: The term "complete numerical model" is ambiguous and lacks structural definition. It is unclear what components, equations, or boundary conditions are necessary for the model to be considered "complete" by one of ordinary skill in the art.
e. Claim 3 recites “built-in tools”. The phrase "built-in tools" is a non-limiting, functional description that does not provide sufficient structure to inform a person of ordinary skill in the art (POSITA) of the exact metes and bounds of the invention. OpenFOAM is a comprehensive suite containing numerous utilities, function objects, and solvers that can extract coordinate data. By claiming "built-in tools" generally, the claim covers an unbounded set of tools without identifying the specific algorithm or utility used to perform the extraction, failing to comply with the definiteness requirements of 35 U.S.C. 112(b).
f. Claim 2-3 and 6-8 contains the trademark/trade name “OpenFOAM” and Claim 6-8 contains the trademark/trade name “Python” Where a trademark or trade name is used in a claim as a limitation to identify or describe a particular material or product, the claim does not comply with the requirements of 35 U.S.C. 112(b) or 35 U.S.C. 112 (pre-AIA), second paragraph. See Ex parte Simpson, 218 USPQ 1020 (Bd. App. 1982). The claim scope is uncertain since the trademark or trade name cannot be used properly to identify any particular material or product. A trademark or trade name is used to identify a source of goods, and not the goods themselves. Thus, a trademark or trade name does not identify or describe the goods associated with the trademark or trade name. According to MPEP § 2173.05(u), a trademark or trade name (e.g., OPENFOAM®, Python®) should not be used in a claim to describe a material or product, as it can render the claim indefinite. Trademarks identify a source, not the generic product itself. "OpenFOAM" is a registered trademark of OpenCFD Limited and refers to a particular brand of open-source software. The software may be updated, modified, or altered over time, making the scope of the claim dependent on the specific version of the trademarked software, rather than the functional technical steps themselves.". Similarly, "Python scripts" is functionally descriptive but technically vague. It does not define which libraries (e.g., NumPy, Pandas) or specifically what data structure conversion method is used.
g. The claims have numerous issues with antecedent basis. The Examiner suggests amending the claims such that the first recitation of each distinct element uses articles such as “a”/”an”, later recitations referring back to the same distinct element uses articles such as “the”/”said”, to use disambiguating modifiers (e.g., first, second, etc.) when there are multiple distinct elements with the same base term, and that the use of modifiers for each distinct element is kept consistent. Below is a non-exhaustive list of examples of these issues: for claims 1-8 are the water intake, the CFD, the river morphology, the simulation parameters, the case folder, the storage path, the CSV file, the python function, the patterns section, the relative coefficient, the Python script, the subprocess module, the output file, the original time pattern, the simulation results, the time-series curve graph, the model, the diffusion and attenuation, the input file, the input format, the probe function.

Claims 2-10 depend on claim 1 and do not cure the aforementioned deficiencies of claim 1, and thus, claims 2-10 are rejected for the reasons set forth above regarding claim 1 as a result.

Claim Rejections - 35 USC §101
35 U.S.C. 101 reads as follows:
Whoever invents or discovers any new and useful process, machine, manufacture, or composition of matter, or any new and useful improvement thereof, may obtain a patent therefor, subject to the conditions and requirements of this title.
Claim 9 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 101 because the claimed invention is directed to non-statutory subject matter. The claim does not fall within at least one of the four categories of patent eligible subject matter because the broadest reasonable interpretation of the “a computer-readable storage medium storing a computer program, wherein when the computer program is executed by a processor,” encompasses signals per se. The specification does not include a special definition nor does it limit the media to only non-transitory. A claim whose BRI covers both statutory and non-statutory embodiments embraces subject matter that is not eligible for patent protection and therefore is directed to non-statutory subject matter. See MPEP 2106.03(II). Examiner suggest that claim 9 be amended to recite a “non-transitory” computer readable storage medium to overcome this rejection. 
Claim 9 is rejected under 35 U.S.C. 101 because the claimed invention is directed to non-statutory subject matter. The claim does not fall within at least one of the four categories of patent eligible subject matter. Claim: 10 recites the a computer program product, that does not fall in the statutory categories inventions ((See MPEP 2106.03) “Products that do not have a physical or tangible form, such as information (often referred to as "data per se") or a computer program per se (often referred to as "software per se") when claimed as a product without any structural recitations;”) Thus, a product claim to a software program that does not also contain at least one structural limitation (such as a "means plus function" limitation) has no physical or tangible form, and thus does not fall within any statutory category. 
 Claims 1-10 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 101 because the claimed invention is directed to non-statutory subject matter. These claims are directed to an abstract idea without significantly more. 
Step 1) Is the claims to a process, machine, manufacture, or composition of matter?
Claims: 1-8 is directed to method or process that falls on one of statutory category.
Claim 9 is a computer-readable storage medium storing a computer program, wherein when the computer program is executed by a processor. In view of instant specification [0108-0110] that a computer readable storage medium, as used herein, is not to be construed as being transitory signals per se, thus this fails falls on one of statutory category. Even though this is not a statutory category of invention, in the interest of compact prosecution, the analysis of claim 9 will continue below. Therefore claim 9 are directed to patent eligible categories of invention and claim 9 is not directed to a statutory claimed invention.
Claim: 10 recites the a computer program product, that does not fall in the statutory categories inventions ((See MPEP 2106.03) “Products that do not have a physical or tangible form, such as information (often referred to as "data per se") or a computer program per se (often referred to as "software per se") when claimed as a product without any structural recitations;”) Thus, a product claim to a software program that does not also contain at least one structural limitation (such as a "means plus function" limitation) has no physical or tangible form, and thus does not fall within any statutory category. . Even though this is not a statutory category of invention, in the interest of compact prosecution, the analysis of claim 10 will continue below. Therefore claim 10 are directed to patent eligible categories of invention and claim 10 is not directed to a statutory claimed invention.
Step 2A Prong 1
Claim 1, 9 and 10 recites
An integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method for water supply systems of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers, comprising the following steps: S1: combining collected river topographic data and river shoreline data to construct a two-dimensional (2D) river hydrodynamic and water quality model, the model being configured with boundary hydrodynamic and water quality parameters to simulate the hydrodynamic and water quality conditions of the river water source; (The core of the claim—"constructing a 2D model," "configuring boundary parameters," and "simulating hydrodynamics/water quality"—describes a mathematical simulation process rather than a physical machine. It is simulating "cause and effect" on a computer (i.e., collecting data, simulating conditions). The steps described (collecting topographical data, configuring boundary parameters based on observed conditions, and simulating water quality) can often be performed mentally or with basic tools (e.g., paper/pencil) in a conceptual sense. The claim is directed to an abstract idea, specifically a mathematical concept (mathematical modeling, algorithms, and simulation) [MPEP 2106.04(a)(2)(I)].))
S2: monitoring and analyzing the temporal variation of water quality parameters at the water intake by using the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model to provide key data for dynamic water quality assessment, (The claim phrase "analyzing the temporal variation of water quality parameters" describes an activity that can be performed in the human mind (observation, evaluation, judgment, or analysis). "Using the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model" refers to mathematical relationships, algorithms, and equations (2D governing equations for velocity, convection-diffusion for quality) The step constitutes an abstract idea (mental process/math).)
 S3: constructing a water supply pipe network water quality prediction model that integrates multi-water source inputs, the water treatment plant being simplified as a treatment node in the pipeline system to simulate its water quality treatment effects; (The claim describes "constructing... a model" that "integrates inputs" and "simplifies a treatment plant as a treatment node." These actions describe intellectual, analytical, and mathematical steps—collecting data, establishing relationships, and modeling—that can be performed in the human mind, by a human using pen and paper, or using a general-purpose computer to perform mental calculations. This constitutes a "mental process" or "mathematical concept," which are enumerated abstract ideas under MPEP 2106.04(a).)
S4: establishing a data interface to realize data exchange and synchronization between the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model and the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model; (The act of "establishing a data interface" to "exchange and synchronize data" between two models is a functional description of data manipulation. It describes what needs to be done (exchange data) rather than how it is done technically. This is a mental process or a fundamental administrative activity (managing data flow) that could be done by a human, often termed "organizing information.")
S5: the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model performing one-dimensional (1D) hydrodynamic and water quality simulation of the water supply pipe network based on the data obtained from the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model, wherein the water quality and hydrodynamic parameters provided by the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model are input into the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model as boundary conditions or initial conditions to predict the water quality changes and hydraulic behaviors in the water supply pipe network; The method performs "one-dimensional (1D) hydrodynamic and water quality simulation." Simulation, modeling, and calculation steps are considered mathematical concepts. The steps describe "inputting," "processing," and "predicting" changes based on data. The fundamental steps of modeling water quality—treating parameters as boundary conditions to calculate future states—can be performed by a person using pencil and paper, which is the definition of a mental process. So it falls under the combination of mental process and mathematical concepts of abstract idea)
S6: integrating the river hydrodynamic and water quality model and the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model into a complete numerical model for the integrated water supply system of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers, to automate the entire water quality change simulation process. (A human operator (e.g., a hydrologist or water utility manager) can simulate water quality by manually calculating river flow, water treatment capacity, and pipe network pressure. The step of "integrating... models into a complete numerical model" is a mathematical manipulation. The "automation" of the simulation is a generic function performed by computer)

Step 2A, Prong 2: Does the claim recite additional elements that integrate the judicial exception into a practical application? 
In accordance with Step 2A, Prong 2, the judicial exception is not integrated into a practical application. In particular, the additional elements of a computer-readable storage medium storing a computer program, wherein when the computer program is executed by a processor, it implements the integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method for water supply systems of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers according to claim 1 in claim 9 which are mere instructions to implement an abstract idea on a computer, or merely using a generic computer as a tool to perform an abstract idea, as discussed in MPEP § 2106.05(f); The additional elements of a computer program product including a computer program, wherein when the computer program is executed by a processor, it implements the integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method for water supply systems of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers according to claim 1 in claim 10 which are mere instructions to implement an abstract idea on a computer, or merely using a generic computer as a tool to perform an abstract idea, as discussed in MPEP § 2106.05(f); The claim is directed to an abstract idea. To avoid the 101 rejection, the claim must be drafted to show an "improvement to the functioning of a computer, or an improvement to another technology or technical field".

Step 2B: Does the claim recite additional elements that amount to significantly more than the judicial exception? 
In view of Step 2B, the claim as a whole does not amount to significantly more than the recited exception,
i.e., whether any additional element, or combination of additional elements, adds an inventive concept to the claim. The additional elements of a computer-readable storage medium storing a computer program, wherein when the computer program is executed by a processor, it implements the integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method for water supply systems of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers according to claim 1 in claim 9 which are mere instructions to implement an abstract idea on a computer, or merely using a generic computer as a tool to perform an abstract idea, as discussed in MPEP § 2106.05(f); The additional elements of a computer program product including a computer program, wherein when the computer program is executed by a processor, it implements the integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method for water supply systems of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers according to claim 1 in claim 10 which are mere instructions to implement an abstract idea on a computer, or merely using a generic computer as a tool to perform an abstract idea, as discussed in MPEP § 2106.05(f); Thus, claim 1, 9 and 10 are not patent eligible.

Claim 2 further recites using OpenFOAM software to construct the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model; and in step S2, using the Probe function of OpenFOAM to monitor the changes of water quality parameters at the water intake and obtain the temporal variation data of the water quality parameters. The claim describes the process of taking water quality input data, applying modeling equations (hydrodynamic and water quality), and observing the temporal variation of output data. According to MPEP 2106.04(a)(2), mathematical relationships and mental processes (e.g., calculations, analyses, or observations that a human could hypothetically perform, such as using a pen and paper) are abstract ideas. Monitoring, calculating, and obtaining water quality data is fundamentally an analysis of data. The claim recites using "OpenFOAM software" to construct the model and monitor data. OpenFOAM is a widely available, open-source computational fluid dynamics (CFD) package. According to MPEP 2106.05(a), using a generic, known computer tool (like OpenFOAM etc.) to automate a known process (modeling) without creating a specific, technical improvement to the tool itself is simply using a computer as a tool to perform an abstract idea. Claim therefore, when taken as a whole, still does not integrate the judicial exception into a practical application nor amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Claim recites unpatentable ineligible subject matter for the same reasoning and analysis as mentioned for claim 1.

Claim 3 further recites wherein step S2 specifically comprises: S2.1: establishing a geometric model of the river shoreline and exporting it in a format suitable for mesh generation software; S2.2: using mesh generation software to draw a 2D mesh adapted to the river morphology according to the characteristics of the river and outputting it in a format suitable for the Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) software OpenFOAM; S2.3: converting the exported mesh file into a format recognizable by OpenFOAM software and storing it as a standard mesh file in the case folder; S2.4: setting the properties of the mesh in OpenFOAM software, and for 2D simulation, specifying the upper and lower boundary conditions and setting the dimension in the vertical direction; S2.5: using the built-in tools of OpenFOAM software to extract the coordinate data of the mesh centers; S2.6: performing topographic data interpolation by combining the topographic data with the mesh data, using interpolation technology to obtain the topographic depth information at the mesh centers and exporting the data; S2.7: integrating the interpolated topographic data into the model of OpenFOAM software to provide accurate topographic conditions for the simulation; S2.8: defining model parameters by setting the simulation parameters of OpenFOAM software, including time step, total simulation time, physical model settings, boundary conditions, and the diffusion and attenuation characteristics of pollutants; S2.9: setting monitoring points in OpenFOAM software to track and record the temporal changes of water quality parameters at specific locations. Drawing 2D meshes and defining boundaries based on river morphology is a standard mathematical modeling technique that can be done mentally or via standard, generic software (e.g., AutoCAD, GIS). Extracting coordinate data and performing topographic interpolation (e.g., Kriging, TIN) is a purely mathematical calculation. Setting time steps and diffusion characteristics is a mental process of setting mathematical modeling assumptions. Simply tracking values at specific nodes is a generic data recording step. The steps rely on standard 2D mesh generation software and standard CFD software (OpenFOAM) to perform routine modeling that is generic computer tool. The claims set forth an abstract idea, specifically falling under Mathematical Concepts (modeling, interpolation, differential equations) and Mental Processes (designing a simulation model). Claim therefore, when taken as a whole, still does not integrate the judicial exception into a practical application nor amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Claim recites unpatentable ineligible subject matter for the same reasoning and analysis as mentioned for claim 1.

Claim 4 further recites wherein in step S3, using EPANET-MSX software to establish the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model based on the collected data of pipe network topology, pipe segment characteristics, node characteristics and boundary conditions. The claimed step involves collecting data and using software to establish a model. Methods that can be performed in the human mind, or by a human using pen and paper (e.g., simulating a network, calculating water quality using known equations), are considered abstract ideas. Using a "generic computer tool" (EPANET-MSX) simply to automate calculations (simulating water quality) does not "transform" the abstract idea into a practical application, as it merely speeds up the mental process without improving the functioning of the computer itself. Claim therefore, when taken as a whole, still does not integrate the judicial exception into a practical application nor amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Claim recites unpatentable ineligible subject matter for the same reasoning and analysis as mentioned for claim 1.

Claim 5 further recites wherein step S3 specifically comprises: S3.1: collecting data such as the topology of the water supply pipe network, pipe segment characteristics, node characteristics and boundary conditions; S3.2: creating point objects and line objects in the water supply pipe network, the point objects including nodes, reservoirs and water tanks, and the line objects including pipe segments, valves and pumps; S3.3: defining attribute fields for the point objects and line objects respectively; S3.4: setting simulation parameters to provide time control for the simulation process; S3.5: defining the hydrodynamic conditions of the pipe network and setting the hydrodynamic states of all nodes and pipe segments; S3.6: adding corresponding chemical species according to the simulation requirements and setting their chemical properties and kinetic parameters; S3.7: configuring the initial state of water quality components in the pipe network; S3.8: simulating the water treatment plant process by adding a Source module to the model. Steps S3.1–S3.8 describe a process of collecting data, creating a logical model (nodes/lines), setting parameters, and simulating hydraulic/chemical behavior. These are mathematical calculations (hydrodynamic equations) and logical manipulations (pipe modeling) that can be, and were, performed by hand or with a pencil and paper. The steps describe what to do (e.g., "creating objects," "setting parameters," "simulating") rather than how to do it in a technically specific way that improves the computer's functionality. Simply collecting data (topology) and entering it into a simulation tool does not render the abstract idea patent-eligible. Claim therefore, when taken as a whole, still does not integrate the judicial exception into a practical application nor amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Claim recites unpatentable ineligible subject matter for the same reasoning and analysis as mentioned for claim 1.

Claim 6 further recites wherein in step S4, constructing a data interface by writing Python scripts to realize data exchange between OpenFOAM software and EPANET-MSX software and converting the water quality and hydrodynamic parameters output by OpenFOAM into the input format required by EPANET-MSX software. The acts of "constructing a data interface," "writing scripts," and "converting parameters" into a specific "input format" are fundamentally mathematical and logical exercises that can be performed in the human mind or with pen and paper. Collecting, analyzing, and formatting data for exchange between two systems is a "method of organizing human activity" or a "mental process" rather than a technical improvement to computer functionality. The use of "Python scripts" is a recitation of a well-known, generic programming language that serves as a tool for executing the mental steps of data conversion. The scripts merely automate the manual task of translating OpenFOAM outputs into EPANET-MSX inputs. They do not improve the way the computer itself functions (e.g., faster processing, less memory usage) but rather use the computer as a "calculator" to bridge two software packages. Merely limiting the abstract idea to a specific technical field—software data exchange for water quality—does not transform the idea into a patent-eligible practical application. Claim therefore, when taken as a whole, still does not integrate the judicial exception into a practical application nor amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Claim recites unpatentable ineligible subject matter for the same reasoning and analysis as mentioned for claim 1.

Claim 7 further recites wherein step S4 specifically comprises: S4.1: determining the storage path of the CSV file recording the temporal variation of water quality parameters at the water intake, the CSV file being exported by the probe function of OpenFOAM software; S4.2: developing a Python function to read water quality parameter data from OpenFOAM software, the water quality parameter data including water quality concentration data; S4.3: converting the read water quality concentration data into relative coefficients and realizing standardization by dividing each value in the concentration column by the first value of the column; S4.4: determining the storage path of the input file of EPANET-MSX software; S4.5: using Python code to automatically update the calculated relative coefficients to the PATTERNS section in the EPANET-MSX model file; S4.6: replacing the original time pattern with the newly calculated relative coefficients in the EPANET-MSX model file to reflect the temporal variation of water quality parameters. The act of converting concentration data into "relative coefficients" and "standardization by dividing each value... by the first value" is a mathematical algorithm. Doing this on a computer does not make it non-abstract. Determining file paths, reading files, and extracting data from software are considered "data gathering" or "data manipulation" tasks that, under Electric Power Group, do not render an abstract idea patent-eligible. The use of a "Python code" to "automatically update" files is the definition of generic computer automation. It simply replaces a manual effort to copy/paste data, not a technical improvement in the software's performance. Claim therefore, when taken as a whole, still does not integrate the judicial exception into a practical application nor amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Claim recites unpatentable ineligible subject matter for the same reasoning and analysis as mentioned for claim 1.

Claim 8 further recites wherein step S6 specifically comprises: S6.1: creating a Python script, using the subprocess module in the Python script to specify the path and name of the OpenFOAM case and call the OpenFOAM solver to run the simulation; S6.2: running the Python data transmission interface through the Python script to realize data synchronization between different software; S6.3: calling the EPANET-MSX library through the Python script to execute the water quality simulation of the water supply pipe network; S6.4: parsing the water quality parameter information of specific nodes and pipe segments from the output file of EPANET-MSX; S6.6: converting the parsed time data into floating-point numbers in hours to meet the plotting requirements; S6.7: defining a plotting function in Python, setting the image format to prepare for generating the time-series curve graph; S6.8: using the defined plotting function to generate the time-series curve graph of water quality parameters for specific nodes and pipe segments. Steps S6.4, S6.6, and S6.7 (parsing, converting time units, formatting graphs) are tasks that a human could theoretically perform with pencil and paper. The overall process is simply automating existing software (OpenFOAM, EPANET-MSX) to perform calculations and then plotting the results. Automating a mental process or a series of conventional calculations is considered an abstract idea. The Python script uses standard libraries and functions (subprocess, parsing, plotting) to interact with existing software. Using a "generic computer" to perform these tasks faster does not make it patent-eligible. Calling an existing simulation tool (EPANET-MSX), extracting text data, and plotting it is considered "routine and conventional" in the field of computational fluid dynamics (CFD) and water modeling. Claim therefore, when taken as a whole, still does not integrate the judicial exception into a practical application nor amount to significantly more than the judicial exception. Claim recites unpatentable ineligible subject matter for the same reasoning and analysis as mentioned for claim 1.

Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 102
In the event the determination of the status of the application as subject to AIA 35 U.S.C. 102 and 103 (or as subject to pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 102 and 103) is incorrect, any correction of the statutory basis (i.e., changing from AIA to pre-AIA) for the rejection will not be considered a new ground of rejection if the prior art relied upon, and the rationale supporting the rejection, would be the same under either status. 
The following is a quotation of the appropriate paragraphs of 35 U.S.C. 102 that form the basis for the rejections under this section made in this Office action:
A person shall be entitled to a patent unless –

(a)(1) the claimed invention was patented, described in a printed publication, or in public use, on sale, or otherwise available to the public before the effective filing date of the claimed invention.


8. Claim(s) 1 and 9-10 is/are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 102(a)(1) as being anticipated by Luan et al. (“A 1D-2D dynamic bidirectional coupling model for high-resolution simulation of urban water environments based on GPU acceleration techniques." Journal of Cleaner Production 428 (2023): 139494.)

Regarding claim 1
Luan teaches an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method for water supply systems of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers, (see abstract- An integrated model that can be employed to efficiently and accurately simulate the whole system of urban surfaces, underground drainage systems and river and lake water environments is an important tool for comprehensively treating urban water pollution. See introduction-Therefore, it is very important to establish an efficient and high-precision numerical model of the urban water environment that can be employed to simulate the entire water environment, including urban surfaces, rivers and underground drainage systems, to explore the mechanism of urban point source pollution and nonpoint source pollution, sponge city construction, black and odorous water treatment, water purification efficiency enhancement of sewage and the reduction of treatment cost. See page 2- The 1D hydrological, hydrodynamics and water quality coupling module are operated by the SWMM, including the simulation of rainfall runoff, pollutant accumulation and wash-off processes, LID processes, 1D pipe networks and river networks hydrodynamics and water quality transport processes) comprising the following steps: 
S1: combining collected river topographic data and river shoreline data to construct a two-dimensional (2D) river hydrodynamic and water quality model, (see page 10-The basic data required for the urban water environment numerical model constructed in this paper mainly include topographic, drainage pipe networks, land use, rainfall and infiltration data. The digital surface model (DSM), pipe networks data and image data of the 2D simulation area are shown in Fig. 14. The DSM data are terrain data with a 0.25-m resolution for 2022 provided by the Changzhi City Housing and Urban-Rural Bureau. See page 11-The GAST-GCSE model and the pure SWMM were constructed according to the basic data. Therefore, the GAST was model was used for high-resolution simulation of the 2D river channel. The 2D region was defined with the open boundaries, and the Courant-Friedrichs-Lewy (CFL) number is 0.4) the model being configured with boundary hydrodynamic and water quality parameters to simulate the hydrodynamic and water quality conditions of the river water source; (see page 11-Regarding the construction of the GAST-GCSE model, pollutant cumulation and wash-off and the hydrodynamic and water quality transport processes of the river networks in the upper reaches of the study area were calculated in the SWMM. “The surface water dynamic and water quality transport process in the 2D area were simulated by the GAST model with a high resolution. Therefore, the GAST was model was used for high-resolution simulation of the 2D river channel.” The 2D region was defined with the open boundaries. See page 6 col1- In the SWMM, the water level of the 2D model is employed as the lower boundary condition. water level boundary condition of the river at the current moment, boundary condition of the pollutant concentration in the river channel at the next time step)
S2: monitoring and analyzing the temporal variation of water quality parameters at the water intake by using the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model to provide key data for dynamic water quality assessment; (see page 12-13 Fig. 18 shows the simulation results at three monitoring waterlogging points. Table 3 provides a comparison between the simulated and measured values at the peak waterlogging time. See page 11 - The NH4+-N concentration was monitored twice a month, 3 samples were collected each time and the monitoring results were averaged. A total of 12 final NH4+-N concentration data points
were obtained from January to June 2022 for the lower reaches of the Shizi River. According to the monitoring results, the NH4+-N concentration fluctuated by approximately 1.5 mg/L. Therefore, the NH4+-N concentration in the upstream tributaries of the Shizi River and Heishui River was set to 1.5 mg/L.to better simulate the transport trend of overflow pollutants at the rainwater nodes, rainfall production and confluence of the road and the surface water dynamic and water quality transport process in the 2D area were simulated by the GAST model with a high resolution)

S3: constructing a water supply pipe network water quality prediction model that integrates multi-water source inputs; (see abstract-An integrated model that can be employed to efficiently and accurately simulate the whole system of urban surfaces, underground drainage systems and river and lake water environments is an important tool for comprehensively treating urban water pollution. see page 2 and fig 1-The 1D hydrological, hydrodynamics and water quality coupling module are operated by the SWMM, including the simulation of rainfall runoff, pollutant accumulation and wash-off processes, LID processes, 1D pipe networks and river networks hydrodynamics and water quality transport processes. See page 11- The basic domestic sewage flow in the pipeline is distributed across the rain and sewage confluence area according to the inlet flow of the downstream sewage treatment plant in the form of node inflow and population distribution. Therefore, the SWMM was used to calculate rainfall runoff and pollutant accumulation and wash-off and simulate the underground drainage system in the building community. the SWMM generated a large amount of dynamic water quantity and water quality exchange at the rainwater nodes, overflow outlets, and 1D and 2D river coupling sections See also fig 4)
the water treatment plant being simplified as a treatment node in the pipeline system to simulate its water quality treatment effects; (see abstract-An integrated model that can be employed to efficiently and accurately simulate the whole system of urban surfaces, underground drainage systems and river and lake water environments is an important tool for comprehensively treating urban water pollution. See page 6-In side exchange of the water quantity and water quality, a connection is established with the 2D river channel through the rainwater outlets, overflow outlets and tail water outlets of sewage treatment plants. In the model, the water quantity and water quality exchange methods (free outflow/submerged outflow/one-way flow considering jacking) are set in the SWMM. In the calculation of water quantity and water quality exchange, by extracting flow and pollutant concentration data of the SWMM outlet, water quantity and water quality discharge data of the SWMM outlet are exchanged. See page 11- In the simulation process of the coupling model, the GAST model and the SWMM generated a large amount of dynamic water quantity and water quality exchange at the rainwater nodes, overflow outlets, and 1D and 2D river coupling sections. The pure SWMM could maintain the conservation of the water quantity and water quality.)
S4: establishing a data interface to realize data exchange and synchronization between the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model and the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model; (see page 2 and fig 1-The coupling model includes three modules: a 2D surface hydrology, hydrodynamics and water quality coupling module; a 1D hydrology, hydrodynamics and water quality coupling module; and a 1D-2D water quantity and water quality exchange module. see section 2.2.3- When the water level in the river channel is high, a backing effect is imposed on the overflow or rainwater outlet, resulting in pipeline blockage, causing a large amount of mixed sewage to overflow to the surface, and producing serious waterlogging. Therefore, the real-time speed and accuracy of water quantity and water quality exchange are very important in numerical modeling of the urban water environment. In this paper, water quantity and water quality exchange between the 2D surface and underground drainage system was divided into three modes: vertical exchange, forward exchange and side exchange. See also page 11- n the simulation process of the coupling model, the GAST model and the SWMM generated a large amount of dynamic water quantity and water quality exchange at the rainwater nodes, overflow outlets, and 1D and 2D river coupling sections.)

S5: the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model performing one-dimensional (1D) hydrodynamic and water quality simulation of the water supply pipe network based on the data obtained from the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model, wherein the water quality and hydrodynamic parameters provided by the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model are input into the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model as boundary conditions or initial conditions to predict the water quality changes and hydraulic behaviors in the water supply pipe network; (see page 11- Therefore, the SWMM was used to calculate rainfall runoff and pollutant accumulation and wash-off and simulate the underground drainage system in the building community. Regarding the construction of the GAST-GCSE model, pollutant cumulation and wash-off and the hydrodynamic and water quality transport processes of the river networks in the upper reaches of the study area were calculated in the SWMM. “The surface water dynamic and water quality transport process in the 2D area were simulated by the GAST model with a high resolution. Therefore, the GAST was model was used for high-resolution simulation of the 2D river channel.” See page 6 col1- In the SWMM, the water level of the 2D model is employed as the lower boundary condition. water level boundary condition of the river at the current moment, boundary condition of the pollutant concentration in the river channel at the next time step. See also section 2.2.4 and fig 1-First, the input file required for the calculation of the SWMM (input file) was read in the 2D model and the correctness of the input data was assessed. Node attribute information of the SWMM was obtained to establish a connection with the 2D model. Then, the SWMM is initialized, and the time step of the SWMM was set to be consistent with the calculation time step of the GAST model. Then the SWMM was run, and time step was updated. Information such as the node water level, outlet flow and pollutant concentration calculated by the SWMM, was exchanged with the GAST model. Then, the 2D model was operated to advance the simulated time. According to the 1D and 2D water quantity and water quality calculation results at each node in the current time step, water quantity and water quality exchange between the surface and the node was calculated, and the calculated water quantity and water quality exchange data were than fed back to the SWMM.)

S6: integrating the river hydrodynamic and water quality model and the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model into a complete numerical model for the integrated water supply system of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers, to automate the entire water quality change simulation process. (see page 2 col 2-The purpose of this study was to develop a 1D-2D dynamic bidirectional coupling model for high-resolution simulation of the urban water environment based on GPU acceleration techniques to reveal the multi process mutual feedback mechanism of the water environment. In this model, the 2D hydrodynamics and water quality coupling GPU accelerated surface water flow and transport (GAST) model, which can be used to simulate large-scale rivers in complex terrain with high efficiency and precision, is dynamically coupled with the SWMM, which comprises hydrological, hydrodynamic and water quality and low impact development (LID) modules. The performance of the model was evaluated in two typical test cases. Then, by establishing a large-scale urban integrated water environment numerical model including 2D rivers, roads, and houses and 1D rivers and underground drainage systems, the multi process evolution and mutual feedback mechanism of the water environment in the study area were examined. The 1D hydrological, hydrodynamics and water quality coupling module are operated by the SWMM, including the simulation of rainfall runoff, pollutant accumulation and wash-off processes, LID processes, 1D pipe networks and river networks hydrodynamics and water quality transport processes.)

Regarding claim 9
Luan further teaches a computer-readable storage medium storing a computer program, wherein when the computer program is executed by a processor, it implements the integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method for water supply systems of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers according to claim 1. (See abstract and fig 1-An integrated model that can be employed to efficiently and accurately simulate the whole system of urban surfaces, underground drainage systems and river and lake water environments is an important tool for comprehensively treating urban water pollution. Therefore, we developed a 1D-2D dynamic bidirectional coupling model for high-resolution simulation of the entire urban water environment (GAST-GCSE) comprising the graphics processing unit (GPU)-accelerated surface water flow and transport (GAST) model and the storm water management model (SWMM). The SWMM and GAST model were used for coupled simulation of hydrological and hydrodynamic quantities and water quality in 1D and 2D regions, respectively. The time steps of the two models are the same. Compute Unified Device Architecture (CUDA) parallel architecture programming and advanced model algorithms were adopted to improve the simulation accuracy and efficiency of the GAST model.)

Regarding claim 10
Luan further teaches a computer program product including a computer program, wherein when the computer program is executed by a processor, it implements the integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method for water supply systems of water treatment plants, pipe networks, and rivers according to claim 1. (See abstract and fig 1-An integrated model that can be employed to efficiently and accurately simulate the whole system of urban surfaces, underground drainage systems and river and lake water environments is an important tool for comprehensively treating urban water pollution. Therefore, we developed a 1D-2D dynamic bidirectional coupling model for high-resolution simulation of the entire urban water environment (GAST-GCSE) comprising the graphics processing unit (GPU)-accelerated surface water flow and transport (GAST) model and the storm water management model (SWMM). The SWMM and GAST model were used for coupled simulation of hydrological and hydrodynamic quantities and water quality in 1D and 2D regions, respectively. The time steps of the two models are the same. Compute Unified Device Architecture (CUDA) parallel architecture programming and advanced model algorithms were adopted to improve the simulation accuracy and efficiency of the GAST model.)

Claim Rejections - 35 USC § 103
In the event the determination of the status of the application as subject to AIA 35 U.S.C. 102 and 103 (or as subject to pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 102 and 103) is incorrect, any correction of the statutory basis (i.e., changing from AIA to pre-AIA) for the rejection will not be considered a new ground of rejection if the prior art relied upon, and the rationale supporting the rejection, would be the same under either status. 
The following is a quotation of 35 U.S.C. 103 which forms the basis for all obviousness rejections set forth in this Office action:
A patent for a claimed invention may not be obtained, notwithstanding that the claimed invention is not identically disclosed as set forth in section 102, if the differences between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which the claimed invention pertains. Patentability shall not be negated by the manner in which the invention was made.

The factual inquiries for establishing a background for determining obviousness under 35 U.S.C. 103 are summarized as follows:
1. Determining the scope and contents of the prior art.
2. Ascertaining the differences between the prior art and the claims at issue.
3. Resolving the level of ordinary skill in the pertinent art.
4. Considering objective evidence present in the application indicating obviousness or nonobviousness.
This application currently names joint inventors. In considering patentability of the claims the examiner presumes that the subject matter of the various claims was commonly owned as of the effective filing date of the claimed invention(s) absent any evidence to the contrary. Applicant is advised of the obligation under 37 CFR 1.56 to point out the inventor and effective filing dates of each claim that was not commonly owned as of the effective filing date of the later invention in order for the examiner to consider the applicability of 35 U.S.C. 102(b)(2)(C) for any potential 35 U.S.C. 102(a)(2) prior art against the later invention.

9. Claim(s) 2 is/are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Luan et al., (“A 1D-2D dynamic bidirectional coupling model for high-resolution simulation of urban water environments based on GPU acceleration techniques." Journal of Cleaner Production 428 (2023): 139494) in view of Rakesh ("Modeling of subsurface horizontal flow constructed wetlands using OpenFOAM®." Modeling Earth Systems and Environment 2.2 (2016))

Regarding claim 2
Luan teaches the method according to claim 1. Luan does not teach wherein in step S1, using OpenFOAM software to construct the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model; and in step S2, using the Probe function of OpenFOAM to monitor the changes of water quality parameters at the water intake and obtain the temporal variation data of the water quality parameters.

In the related field of invention, Rakesh teaches The method according to claim 1, wherein in step S1, using OpenFOAM software to construct the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model; (see abstract-The present model simulates the dynamic behavior of sub-sur face horizontal flow wetland systems by considering the non-linear hydrodynamics and pollutant transport, developed in an open source computational fluid dynamics environment—OpenFOAM.) and in step S2, using the Probe function of OpenFOAM to monitor the changes of water quality parameters at the water intake and obtain the temporal variation data of the water quality parameters.(see fig 3 Temporal profile of variables developed at the outlet point of the constructed wetland for a Pollutant concentration, P, b Temperature, T, c Pressure head, h and d Water content. See page 8 col1-Sensitivity analysis of the model is performed by varying the filter media parameters and rate constant viz. a, n, Ks, and k (wherein k is a figurative representation of k20). The model response is measured in terms of temporal variation of outlet pollutant concentration. The temporal profile of pollutant concentration obtained with respect to the initially provided values of model parameters (Table 1) is taken as reference (Fig. 3a))

Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan to include wherein in step S1, using OpenFOAM software to construct the 2D river hydrodynamic and water quality model; and in step S2, using the Probe function of OpenFOAM to monitor the changes of water quality parameters at the water intake and obtain the temporal variation data of the water quality parameters as taught by Rakesh in the system of Luan in order to model a generic sub-surface horizontal flow constructed wetland (CW) in OpenFOAM and to investigate the key parameters which significantly influences its performance. The model couples the variably saturated flow of fluid in filter media with the advection, dispersion and decay of biological pollutants and simulates its spatiotemporal distribution in CWs. This will enable the environmental practitioners and designers to model their own wetland scenario and helps them to appreciate the role of various sensitive parameters in optimizing the treatment efficiency. (See page 2, Rakesh)


10. Claim(s) 3 is/are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Luan et al., (“A 1D-2D dynamic bidirectional coupling model for high-resolution simulation of urban water environments based on GPU acceleration techniques.” Journal of Cleaner Production 428 (2023): 139494) in view of Rakesh (“Modeling of subsurface horizontal flow constructed wetlands using OpenFOAM®.” Modeling Earth Systems and Environment 2.2 (2016)) and further in view of Zeng, Hao, et al. (“Mesh creation for realistic terrain cases for shallowfoam-2d openfoam solver.” Proceedings of the 29th DAAAM International Symposium. 2018.)

Regarding claim 3
Luan and Rakesh teach the method according to claim 2. Luan does not teach wherein step S2 specifically comprises: S2.1: establishing a geometric model of the river shoreline and exporting it in a format suitable for mesh generation software; S2.2: using mesh generation software to draw a 2D mesh adapted to the river morphology according to the characteristics of the river and outputting it in a format suitable for the Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) software OpenFOAM; S2.3: converting the exported mesh file into a format recognizable by OpenFOAM software and storing it as a standard mesh file in the case folder; S2.4: setting the properties of the mesh in OpenFOAM software, and for 2D simulation, specifying the upper and lower boundary conditions and setting the dimension in the vertical direction; S2.5: using the built-in tools of OpenFOAM software to extract the coordinate data of the mesh centers; S2.6: performing topographic data interpolation by combining the topographic data with the mesh data, using interpolation technology to obtain the topographic depth information at the mesh centers and exporting the data; S2.7: integrating the interpolated topographic data into the model of OpenFOAM software to provide accurate topographic conditions for the simulation; S2.8: defining model parameters by setting the simulation parameters of OpenFOAM software, including time step, total simulation time, physical model settings, boundary conditions, and the diffusion and attenuation characteristics of pollutants; S2.9: setting monitoring points in OpenFOAM software to track and record the temporal changes of water quality parameters at specific locations.

However, Rakesh further teaches S2.8: defining model parameters by setting the simulation parameters of OpenFOAM software, including time step, total simulation time, physical model settings, boundary conditions, and the diffusion and attenuation characteristics of pollutants; (see table 1-2 and page 6 col 1-The model was run for 4 days (from the beginning for the first time) with a time step of 60 s to simulate the spatiotemporal profiles of water content, h, velocity field, U, pollutant concentration, P, fluid temperature, T and water pressure head, h. The pollutant concentration takes sufficient time of 2.5 days to reach the near constant conditions at the outlet (Fig. 3a). Initially the P values ascend with respect to the time at the outlet due to the diffusion and dispersion transport, however after 2.5 days, the concentration is almost constant due to the dominance of reaction term, which can be interpreted as treatment efficiency. Table 2 (boundary conditions) and see also page 2-The paper aims (1) to model a generic sub-surface horizontal flow CW in OpenFOAM_ and (2) to investigate the key parameters which significantly influences its performance. The model couples the variably saturated flow of fluid in filter media with the advection, dispersion and decay of biological pollutants and simulates its spatiotemporal distribution in CWs. This work will enable the environmental practitioners and designers to model their own wetland scenario and helps them to appreciate the role of various sensitive parameters in optimizing the treatment efficiency. Although the study is pertinent to horizontal flow sub-surface CWs, by changing the filter media parameters and boundary conditions the model can mimic soil aquifer treatment units and vertical flow sub-surface wetlands as well.
S2.9: setting monitoring points in OpenFOAM software to track and record the temporal changes of water quality parameters at specific locations. (see fig 3 Temporal profile of variables developed at the outlet point of the constructed wetland for a Pollutant concentration, P, b Temperature, T, c Pressure head, h and d Water content. See page 8 col1-Sensitivity analysis of the model is performed by varying the filter media parameters and rate constant viz. a, n, Ks, and k (wherein k is a figurative representation of k20). The model response is measured in terms of temporal variation of outlet pollutant concentration. The temporal profile of pollutant concentration obtained with respect to the initially provided values of model parameters (Table 1) is taken as reference (Fig. 3a ))
Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan to include S2.8: defining model parameters by setting the simulation parameters of OpenFOAM software, including time step, total simulation time, physical model settings, boundary conditions, and the diffusion and attenuation characteristics of pollutants; S2.9: setting monitoring points in OpenFOAM software to track and record the temporal changes of water quality parameters at specific locations as taught by Rakesh in the system of Luan in order to model a generic sub-surface horizontal flow constructed wetland (CW) in OpenFOAM and to investigate the key parameters which significantly influences its performance. The model couples the variably saturated flow of fluid in filter media with the advection, dispersion and decay of biological pollutants and simulates its spatiotemporal distribution in CWs. This will enable the environmental practitioners and designers to model their own wetland scenario and helps them to appreciate the role of various sensitive parameters in optimizing the treatment efficiency. (See page 2, Rakesh)

The combination of Luan and Rakesh does not teach S2.1: establishing a geometric model of the river shoreline and exporting it in a format suitable for mesh generation software; S2.2: using mesh generation software to draw a 2D mesh adapted to the river morphology according to the characteristics of the river and outputting it in a format suitable for the Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) software OpenFOAM; S2.3: converting the exported mesh file into a format recognizable by OpenFOAM software and storing it as a standard mesh file in the case folder; S2.4: setting the properties of the mesh in OpenFOAM software, and for 2D simulation, specifying the upper and lower boundary conditions and setting the dimension in the vertical direction; S2.5: using the built-in tools of OpenFOAM software to extract the coordinate data of the mesh centers; S2.6: performing topographic data interpolation by combining the topographic data with the mesh data, using interpolation technology to obtain the topographic depth information at the mesh centers and exporting the data; S2.7: integrating the interpolated topographic data into the model of OpenFOAM software to provide accurate topographic conditions for the simulation;

In the related field of invention, Zeng teaches S2.1: establishing a geometric model of the river shoreline and exporting it in a format suitable for mesh generation software; (see page 1067-Usually, the data that describes a three-dimensional realistic terrain is initially an unstructured set of X Y Z points which are obtained using three-dimensional aerial laser scanning methods. The unstructured set of points is firstly used to construct a bottom geometry in a STL format using triangulation methods)
S2.2: using mesh generation software to draw a 2D mesh adapted to the river morphology according to the characteristics of the river and outputting it in a format suitable for the Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) software OpenFOAM; (see page 1066-We can also use other mesh generators to produce the 2D mesh and convert it to the OpenFOAM format mesh. The mesh approximately adjusts to the object surface by iteratively refining a starting mesh (i.e. the background mesh generated from blockMesh) and shifts the resulting hex or split-hex mesh to the surface.
S2.3: converting the exported mesh file into a format recognizable by OpenFOAM software and storing it as a standard mesh file in the case folder; (see page 1066-We can also use other mesh generators to produce the 2D mesh and convert it to the OpenFOAM format mesh.)
S2.4: setting the properties of the mesh in OpenFOAM software, and for 2D simulation, specifying the upper and lower boundary conditions and setting the dimension in the vertical direction; (see page 1067-Since the shallowFoam solver is based on the cell centred FVM it is necessary to store data at the cell center in the mesh. Initial and boundary conditions for flow depth, specific discharge, Strickler value and turbulent viscosity are easily implemented at the cell centers using the dictionaries provided within the OpenFOAM environment.) 
S2.5: using the built-in tools of OpenFOAM software to extract the coordinate data of the mesh centers; (see page 1067- To apply the method of surface interpolation with radial basis functions, a set of unordered X Y Z points that describe a geometry need to be used to create a surface interpolation function. In order to use the created surface interpolation function that is based on the original geometry, the extracted cell centres 𝑋𝑐 and 𝑌𝑐 of the 2D mesh need to be evaluated. The output of this process is the corresponding elevation 𝑍𝑐 for every 𝑋𝑐 and 𝑌𝑐.)

S2.6: performing topographic data interpolation by combining the topographic data with the mesh data, using interpolation technology to obtain the topographic depth information at the mesh centers and exporting the data; (see abstract- In this work, we present a way to create a 2D mesh with the elevation data stored in the parameter field using surface interpolation of real terrain data. See also page 1067- To apply the method of surface interpolation with radial basis functions, a set of unordered X Y Z points that describe a geometry need to be used to create a surface interpolation function. In order to use the created surface interpolation function that is based on the original geometry, the extracted cell centres 𝑋𝑐 and 𝑌𝑐 of the 2D mesh need to be evaluated. The output of this process is the corresponding elevation 𝑍𝑐 for every 𝑋𝑐 and 𝑌𝑐)
S2.7: integrating the interpolated topographic data into the model of OpenFOAM software to provide accurate topographic conditions for the simulation; (see page 1067-An interpolated surface could be made based on a set of unstructured points that describe a real terrain. For this case we use radial basis functions to approximate the surface of a real terrain. Creating an interpolated surface allows us to extract the elevation level for every X and Y coordinate of the mesh cell centers)

Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan and Rakesh to include S2.1: establishing a geometric model of the river shoreline and exporting it in a format suitable for mesh generation software; S2.2: using mesh generation software to draw a 2D mesh adapted to the river morphology according to the characteristics of the river and outputting it in a format suitable for the Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) software OpenFOAM; S2.3: converting the exported mesh file into a format recognizable by OpenFOAM software and storing it as a standard mesh file in the case folder; S2.4: setting the properties of the mesh in OpenFOAM software, and for 2D simulation, specifying the upper and lower boundary conditions and setting the dimension in the vertical direction; S2.5: using the built-in tools of OpenFOAM software to extract the coordinate data of the mesh centers; S2.6: performing topographic data interpolation by combining the topographic data with the mesh data, using interpolation technology to obtain the topographic depth information at the mesh centers and exporting the data; S2.7: integrating the interpolated topographic data into the model of OpenFOAM software to provide accurate topographic conditions for the simulation as taught by Zeng in the system of Luan and Rakesh in order to create a 2D mesh with the elevation data stored in the parameter field using surface interpolation of real terrain data. The method is validated on the flooding simulation of the Malpasset dam break case, which is a good example of a problem with realistic terrain. (See Abstract, Zeng)

11. Claim(s) 4-5 is/are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Luan et al., (“A 1D-2D dynamic bidirectional coupling model for high-resolution simulation of urban water environments based on GPU acceleration techniques." Journal of Cleaner Production 428 (2023): 139494) in view of Rakesh ("Modeling of subsurface horizontal flow constructed wetlands using OpenFOAM®." Modeling Earth Systems and Environment 2.2 (2016)) and further in view of Rossman et al. ("EPANET 2: user’s manual." (2000): 1-200.)

Regarding claim 4
Luan and Rakesh teach the method according to claim 2. The combination of Luan and Rakesh does not teach wherein in step S3, using EPANET-MSX software to establish the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model based on the collected data of pipe network topology, pipe segment characteristics, node characteristics and boundary conditions.

In the related field of invention, Rossman teaches wherein in step S3, using EPANET-MSX software to establish the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model based on the collected data of pipe network topology, pipe segment characteristics, node characteristics and boundary conditions.  (See page 9-EPANET is a computer program that performs extended period simulation of hydraulic and water quality behavior within pressurized pipe networks. A network consists of pipes, nodes (pipe junctions), pumps, valves and storage tanks or reservoirs. EPANET tracks the flow of water in each pipe, the pressure at each node, the height of water in each tank, and the concentration of a chemical species throughout the network during a simulation period comprised of multiple time steps. In addition to chemical species, water age and source tracing can also be simulated. EPANET is designed to be a research tool for improving our understanding of the movement and fate of drinking water constituents within distribution systems. See page 197-boundary conditions that specify values for Ck,ext and Qk,ext for all time t at each node k which has external mass inputs. See fig 2.1 and table 2.1-2.2)

Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan and Rakesh to include wherein in step S3, using EPANET-MSX software to establish the water supply pipe network water quality prediction model based on the collected data of pipe network topology, pipe segment characteristics, node characteristics and boundary conditions as taught by Rossman in the system of Luan and Rakesh for improving our understanding of the movement and fate of drinking water constituents within distribution systems. It can be used for many different kinds of applications in distribution systems analysis. Sampling program design, hydraulic model calibration, chlorine residual analysis, and consumer exposure assessment are some examples. (See section 1.1, Rossman)

Regarding claim 5
Luan, Rakesh and Rossman teaches the method according to claim 4. Luan does not teach wherein step S3 specifically comprises: S3.1: collecting data such as the topology of the water supply pipe network, pipe segment characteristics, node characteristics and boundary conditions; S3.2: creating point objects and line objects in the water supply pipe network, the point objects including nodes, reservoirs and water tanks, and the line objects including pipe segments, valves and pumps; S3.3: defining attribute fields for the point objects and line objects respectively; S3.4: setting simulation parameters to provide time control for the simulation process; S3.5: defining the hydrodynamic conditions of the pipe network and setting the hydrodynamic states of all nodes and pipe segments; S3.6: adding corresponding chemical species according to the simulation requirements and setting their chemical properties and kinetic parameters; S3.7: configuring the initial state of water quality components in the pipe network; S3.8: simulating the water treatment plant process by adding a Source module to the model.

However, Rossman further teaches S3.1: collecting data such as the topology of the water supply pipe network, pipe segment characteristics, node characteristics and boundary conditions; (see page 9-EPANET is a computer program that performs extended period simulation of hydraulic and water quality behavior within pressurized pipe networks. A network consists of pipes, nodes (pipe junctions), pumps, valves and storage tanks or reservoirs. EPANET tracks the flow of water in each pipe, the pressure at each node, the height of water in each tank, and the concentration of a chemical species throughout the network during a simulation period comprised of multiple time steps. In addition to chemical species, water age and source tracing can also be simulated. See page 197-boundary conditions that specify values for Ck,ext and Qk,ext for all time t at each node k which has external mass inputs)

S3.2: creating point objects and line objects in the water supply pipe network, the point objects including nodes, reservoirs and water tanks, and the line objects including pipe segments, valves and pumps; (see page 9-EPANET is a computer program that performs extended period simulation of hydraulic and water quality behavior within pressurized pipe networks. A network consists of pipes, nodes (pipe junctions), pumps, valves and storage tanks or reservoirs. See page 16-17. See also page 27 and fig 3.1- EPANET models a water distribution system as a collection of links connected to nodes. The links represent pipes, pumps, and control valves. The nodes represent junctions, tanks, and reservoirs. The figure below illustrates how these objects can be connected to one another to form a network.)




S3.3: defining attribute fields for the point objects and line objects respectively; (see page 18-19- As objects are added to a project they are assigned a default set of properties. To change the value of a specific property for an object one must select the object into the Property Editor (Figure 2.5). Thus we can simply move from object to object and fill in elevation and demand for nodes, and length, diameter, and roughness (C-factor) for links. For the reservoir you would enter its elevation (700) in the Total Head field. For the \tank, enter 830 for its elevation, 4 for its initial level, 20 for its maximum level, and 60 for its diameter. For the pump, we need to assign it a pump curve (head versus flow relationship). Enter the ID label 1 in the Pump Curve field.)
S3.4: setting simulation parameters to provide time control for the simulation process; (see page 21- While we have the Time Options available, we can also set the duration for which we want the extended period to run. Let’s use a 3-day period of time (enter 72 hours for the Duration property). See also page 11- Select a set of analysis options)
S3.5: defining the hydrodynamic conditions of the pipe network and setting the hydrodynamic states of all nodes and pipe segments; (see page 9-EPANET tracks the flow of water in each pipe, the pressure at each node, the height of water in each tank. See page 33- Valves are links that limit the pressure or flow at a specific point in the network. Their principal input parameters include: • start and end nodes. Pressure reducing and sustaining value limit and maintain a set pressure at a point in the pipe network. EPANET computes in which of three different states)
S3.6: adding corresponding chemical species according to the simulation requirements and setting their chemical properties and kinetic parameters; (see page 9-10-EPANET is a computer program that performs extended period simulation of hydraulic and water quality behavior within pressurized pipe networks. A network consists of pipes, nodes (pipe junctions), pumps, valves and storage tanks or reservoirs. EPANET tracks the flow of water in each pipe, the pressure at each node, the height of water in each tank, and the concentration of a chemical species throughout the network during a simulation period comprised of multiple time steps. In addition to chemical species, water age and source tracing can also be simulated. models the movement of a non-reactive tracer material through the network over time • models the movement and fate of a reactive material as it grows (e.g., a disinfection by-product) or decays (e.g., chlorine residual) with time uses n-th order kinetics to model reactions in the bulk flow • uses zero or first order kinetics to model reactions at the pipe wall
S3.7: configuring the initial state of water quality components in the pipe network; (see page 10-allows for time-varying concentration or mass inputs at any location in the network. See page 178-The Status Section of the output report lists the initial status of all reservoirs, tanks, pumps, valves, and closed pipes as well as any changes in the status of these components as they occur over time in an extended period simulation. The status of reservoirs and tanks indicates whether they are filling or emptying. The status of links indicates whether they are open or closed and includes the relative speed setting for pumps and the pressure/flow setting for control valves.)
S3.8: simulating the water treatment plant process by adding a Source module to the model. (see page 9-10-EPANET can help assess alternative management strategies for improving water quality throughout a system. These can include:, • use of satellite treatment, such as re-chlorination at storage tanks. See page 13-In this tutorial we will analyze the simple distribution network shown in Figure 2.1 below. It consists of a source reservoir (e.g., a treatment plant clearwell) from which water is pumped into a two-loop pipe network. See page 78-The Source Quality Editor is a pop-up dialog used to describe the quality of source flow entering the network at a specific node. This source might represent the main treatment works, a well head or satellite treatment facility, or an unwanted contaminant intrusion. The dialog form, shown in Figure 6.5, contains the following fields)
Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan and Rakesh to include wherein step S3 specifically comprises: S3.1: collecting data such as the topology of the water supply pipe network, pipe segment characteristics, node characteristics and boundary conditions; S3.2: creating point objects and line objects in the water supply pipe network, the point objects including nodes, reservoirs and water tanks, and the line objects including pipe segments, valves and pumps; S3.3: defining attribute fields for the point objects and line objects respectively; S3.4: setting simulation parameters to provide time control for the simulation process; S3.5: defining the hydrodynamic conditions of the pipe network and setting the hydrodynamic states of all nodes and pipe segments; S3.6: adding corresponding chemical species according to the simulation requirements and setting their chemical properties and kinetic parameters; S3.7: configuring the initial state of water quality components in the pipe network; S3.8: simulating the water treatment plant process by adding a Source module to the model as taught by Rossman in the system of Luan and Rakesh for improving our understanding of the movement and fate of drinking water constituents within distribution systems. It can be used for many different kinds of applications in distribution systems analysis. Sampling program design, hydraulic model calibration, chlorine residual analysis, and consumer exposure assessment are some examples. (See section 1.1, Rossman)


12. Claim(s) 6-8 is/are rejected under 35 U.S.C. 103 as being unpatentable over Luan et al., (“A 1D-2D dynamic bidirectional coupling model for high-resolution simulation of urban water environments based on GPU acceleration techniques." Journal of Cleaner Production 428 (2023): 139494) in view of Rakesh ("Modeling of subsurface horizontal flow constructed wetlands using OpenFOAM®." Modeling Earth Systems and Environment 2.2 (2016)) and further in view of Rossman et al. ("EPANET 2: user’s manual." (2000): 1-200.) and further in view of Kyriakou et al. ("Epyt: An epanet-python toolkit for smart water network simulations." Journal of Open Source Software 8.92 (2023): 5947.)

Regarding claim 6
Luan, Rakesh and Rossman teaches the method according to claim 4. Luan further teaches constructing a data interface by writing Python scripts to realize data exchange between OpenFOAM software and EPANET-MSX software. (see page 2 and fig 1-The coupling model includes three modules: a 2D surface hydrology, hydrodynamics and water quality coupling module; a 1D hydrology, hydrodynamics and water quality coupling module; and a 1D-2D water quantity and water quality exchange module. see section 2.2.3- When the water level in the river channel is high, a backing effect is imposed on the overflow or rainwater outlet, resulting in pipeline blockage, causing a large amount of mixed sewage to overflow to the surface, and producing serious waterlogging. Therefore, the real-time speed and accuracy of water quantity and water quality exchange are very important in numerical modeling of the urban water environment. In this paper, water quantity and water quality exchange between the 2D surface and underground drainage system was divided into three modes: vertical exchange, forward exchange and side exchange. See also page 11- n the simulation process of the coupling model, the GAST model and the SWMM generated a large amount of dynamic water quantity and water quality exchange at the rainwater nodes, overflow outlets, and 1D and 2D river coupling sections.)
Luan does not teach wherein in step S4, constructing a data interface by writing Python scripts to realize data exchange between OpenFOAM software and EPANET-MSX software and converting the water quality and hydrodynamic parameters output by OpenFOAM into the input format required by EPANET-MSX software. 
However, Rakesh further teaches converting the water quality and hydrodynamic parameters output by OpenFOAM into the input format required by EPANET-MSX software.  (see page 6 The model was run for 4 days (from the beginning for the first time) with a time step of 60 s to simulate the spatiotemporal profiles of water content, h, velocity field, U, pollutant concentration, P, fluid temperature, T and water pressure head, h. The temporal profiles of water content, h and pressure head, h at the outlet of CW attains near constant after _10 h from the starting time, which shows that the filter media is saturated (Fig. 3c, d). However, the pollutant concentration takes sufficient time of _2.5 days to reach the near constant conditions at the outlet (Fig. 3a). see page 8- The model presented in this work, guides the environmental modeling groups to simulate their own wetland land system using open-source computational fluid dynamics software OpenFOAM_. The model helps to visualize the transport of pollutants and highlights the sensitive parameters which significantly affects the system efficiency.)
Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan to include converting the water quality and hydrodynamic parameters output by OpenFOAM into the input format as taught by Rakesh in the system of Luan in order to model a generic sub-surface horizontal flow constructed wetland (CW) in OpenFOAM and to investigate the key parameters which significantly influences its performance. The model couples the variably saturated flow of fluid in filter media with the advection, dispersion and decay of biological pollutants and simulates its spatiotemporal distribution in CWs. This will enable the environmental practitioners and designers to model their own wetland scenario and helps them to appreciate the role of various sensitive parameters in optimizing the treatment efficiency. (See page 2, Rakesh)
Rossman further teaches importing input format required by EPANET-MSX software (see section 11.2-11.5 and page 126-128- EPANET has the ability to import a geometric description of a pipe network in a simple text format.)
Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan and Rakesh to include importing input format required by EPANET-MSX software as taught by Rossman in the system of Luan and Rakesh for improving our understanding of the movement and fate of drinking water constituents within distribution systems. It can be used for many different kinds of applications in distribution systems analysis. Sampling program design, hydraulic model calibration, chlorine residual analysis, and consumer exposure assessment are some examples. (See section 1.1, Rossman)
The combination of Luan, Rakesh and Rossman does not teach wherein in step S4, constructing a data interface by writing Python scripts to realize data exchange between OpenFOAM software and EPANET-MSX software.
In the related field of invention, Kyriakou teaches wherein in step S4, constructing a data interface by writing Python scripts to realize data exchange between OpenFOAM software and EPANET-MSX software (see abstract and page 1-this paper introduces EPyT, an open-source Python package for providing a Python-based programming interface with the open-source hydraulic and quality modeling software EPANET. Researchers can design programs that make calls to the EPANET library, directly through programming languages an computing environments such as Python. Alternatively, researchers can use “wrapper” functions, which provide a basic API for communicating with the library. See page 3- When the object is constructed, the module reads the EPANET input network and populates more than 500 object parameters. Using object G, the user can call all the public toolkit functions. The toolkit contains a large set of functions that allow the user to retrieve or update the network data and simulate hydraulic and quality analysis for different scenarios using the EPANET libraries)
Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan, Rossman and Rakesh to include importing input format required by EPANET-MSX software as taught by Kyriakou in the system of Luan, Rossman and Rakesh in order to 1. Provide a standardized framework for researchers working in the area of SWN to implement their scientific findings. 2. Reduce the time and effort needed to establish a connection with the EPANET libraries. 3. Provide code templates for expanding the capabilities of EPANET and facilitating smart water systems research, while supporting the adoption of open-science and reproducible research best practices. 4. Provide a similar data structure in Python and MATLAB, to facilitate translation between the two environments. (See page 2, Kyriakou)


Regarding claim 7
Luan, Rakesh, Rossman and Kyriakou teaches the method according to claim 6. Luan does not teach wherein step S4 specifically comprises: S4.1: determining the storage path of the CSV file recording the temporal variation of water quality parameters at the water intake, the CSV file being exported by the probe function of OpenFOAM software; S4.2: developing a Python function to read water quality parameter data from OpenFOAM software, the water quality parameter data including water quality concentration data; S4.3: converting the read water quality concentration data into relative coefficients and realizing standardization by dividing each value in the concentration column by the first value of the column; S4.4: determining the storage path of the input file of EPANET-MSX software; S4.5: using Python code to automatically update the calculated relative coefficients to the PATTERNS section in the EPANET-MSX model file; S4.6: replacing the original time pattern with the newly calculated relative coefficients in the EPANET-MSX model file to reflect the temporal variation of water quality parameters.
Rakesh teaches OpenFOAM software mentioned in claim 2. (see title- Modeling of subsurface horizontal flow constructed wetlands using OpenFOAM)
However, Rossman teaches S4.1: determining the storage path of the CSV file recording the temporal variation of water quality parameters at the water intake, the CSV file being exported by the probe function of OpenFOAM software; (see appendix C-EPANET can also be run as a console application from the command line within a DOS window. In this case network input data are placed into a text file and results are written to a text file. The input file for command line EPANET has the same format as the text file that Windows EPANET generates from its File >> Export >> Network command. See fig C.1 and see page 13-Enter the full path and name of the en2setup.exe file or click the browse Browse button to locate it on your computer.))
the water quality parameter data including water quality concentration data; (See Appendix C and page 158- Quality represents concentration for chemicals, hours for water age, or percent for source tracing.

S4.3: converting the read water quality concentration data into relative coefficients and realizing standardization by dividing each value in the concentration column by the first value of the column; (see page 44-The Kb for first-order reactions can be estimated by placing a sample of water in a series of non-reacting glass bottles and analyzing the contents of each bottle at different points in time. If the reaction is first-order, then plotting the natural log (Ct/Co) against time should result in a straight line, where Ct is concentration at time t and Co is concentration at time zero. Kb would then be estimated as the slope of this line.)
S4.4: determining the storage path of the input file of EPANET-MSX software; (see page 13-Enter the full path and name of the en2setup.exe file or click the browse Browse button to locate it on your computer.)
S4.5: using Python code to automatically update the calculated relative coefficients to the PATTERNS section in the EPANET-MSX model file; (see page 22- A new Pattern 1 will be created and the Pattern Editor dialog should appear (see Figure 2.9). Enter the multiplier values 0.5, 1.3, 1.0, 1.2 for the time periods 1 to 4 that will give our pattern a duration of 24 hours. The multipliers are used to modify the demand from its base level in each time period. Since we are making a run of 72 hours, the pattern will wrap around to the start after each 24-hour interval of time.)
S4.6: replacing the original time pattern with the newly calculated relative coefficients in the EPANET-MSX model file to reflect the temporal variation of water quality parameters. (see page 22- A new Pattern 1 will be created and the Pattern Editor dialog should appear (see Figure 2.9). Enter the multiplier values 0.5, 1.3, 1.0, 1.2 for the time periods 1 to 4 that will give our pattern a duration of 24 hours. The multipliers are used to modify the demand from its base level in each time period. Since we are making a run of 72 hours, the pattern will wrap around to the start after each 24-hour interval of time.)

Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan and Rakesh to include wherein step S4 specifically comprises: S4.1: determining the storage path of the CSV file recording the temporal variation of water quality parameters at the water intake, the CSV file being exported by the probe function of OpenFOAM software; the water quality parameter data including water quality concentration data; S4.3: converting the read water quality concentration data into relative coefficients and realizing standardization by dividing each value in the concentration column by the first value of the column; S4.4: determining the storage path of the input file of EPANET-MSX software; S4.5: using Python code to automatically update the calculated relative coefficients to the PATTERNS section in the EPANET-MSX model file; S4.6: replacing the original time pattern with the newly calculated relative coefficients in the EPANET-MSX model file to reflect the temporal variation of water quality parameters as taught by Rossman in the system of Luan and Rakesh for improving our understanding of the movement and fate of drinking water constituents within distribution systems. It can be used for many different kinds of applications in distribution systems analysis. Sampling program design, hydraulic model calibration, chlorine residual analysis, and consumer exposure assessment are some examples. (See section 1.1, Rossman)
The combination of Luan, Rakesh and Rossman does not teach S4.2: developing a Python function to read water quality parameter data from OpenFOAM software.
However, Kyriakou further teaches S4.2: developing a Python function to read water quality parameter data from OpenFOAM software, (see summary- This paper introduces EPyT, an open-source Python package for providing a Python-based programming interface with the open-source hydraulic and quality modeling software EPANET. see page 3-Using object G, the user can call all the public toolkit functions. The toolkit contains a large set of functions that allow the user to retrieve or update the network data. Q = G.getComputedQualityTimeSeries() # Solve quality dynamics in library)
Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan, Rossman and Rakesh to include S4.2: developing a Python function to read water quality parameter data from OpenFOAM software as taught by Kyriakou in the system of Luan, Rossman and Rakesh in order to 1. Provide a standardized framework for researchers working in the area of SWN to implement their scientific findings. 2. Reduce the time and effort needed to establish a connection with the EPANET libraries. 3. Provide code templates for expanding the capabilities of EPANET and facilitating smart water systems research, while supporting the adoption of open-science and reproducible research best practices. 4. Provide a similar data structure in Python and MATLAB, to facilitate translation between the two environments. (See page 2, Kyriakou)

 
Regarding claim 8
Luan, Rakesh and Rossman and teaches the method according to claim 4. Luan does no teach wherein step S6 specifically comprises: S6.1: creating a Python script, using the subprocess module in the Python script to specify the path and name of the OpenFOAM case and call the OpenFOAM solver to run the simulation; S6.2: running the Python data transmission interface through the Python script to realize data synchronization between different software; S6.3: calling the EPANET-MSX library through the Python script to execute the water quality simulation of the water supply pipe network; S6.4: parsing the water quality parameter information of specific nodes and pipe segments from the output file of EPANET-MSX; S6.6: converting the parsed time data into floating-point numbers in hours to meet the plotting requirements; S6.7: defining a plotting function in Python, setting the image format to prepare for generating the time-series curve graph; S6.8: using the defined plotting function to generate the time-series curve graph of water quality parameters for specific nodes and pipe segments.

Rakesh teaches OpenFOAM software mentioned in claim 2. (see title- Modeling of subsurface horizontal flow constructed wetlands using OpenFOAM)
However, Rossman further teaches wherein step S6 specifically comprises: S6.1: creating a Python script, using the subprocess module in the Python script to specify the path and name of the OpenFOAM case and call the OpenFOAM solver to run the simulation; (see page 20-To run the analysis select Project >> Run Analysis or click the Run button)

S6.2: running the Python data transmission interface through the Python script to realize data synchronization between different software; (see page 12- EPANET can import and export project scenarios. A scenario is a subset of the data that characterizes the current conditions under which a pipe network is being analyzed (e.g., consumer demands, operating rules, water quality reaction coefficients, etc.). It also discusses how to save a project’s entire database to a readable text file and how to export the network map to a variety of formats.)

S6.4: parsing the water quality parameter information of specific nodes and pipe segments from the output file of EPANET-MSX;(see section C.4 Binary output file format- If a third file name is supplied to the command line that runs EPANET then the results for all parameters for all nodes and links for all reporting time periods will be saved to this file in a special binary format. See fig 2.7 and fig 9.6)
S6.6: converting the parsed time data into floating-point numbers in hours to meet the plotting requirements; (see page 9-A network consists of pipes, nodes (pipe junctions), pumps, valves and storage tanks or reservoirs. EPANET tracks the flow of water in each pipe, the pressure at each node, the height of water in each tank, and the concentration of a chemical species throughout the network during a simulation period comprised of multiple time steps. See page 181- Data written to the file are 4-byte integers, 4-byte floats, or fixed-size strings whose size is a multiple of 4 bytes)
setting the image format to prepare for generating the time-series curve graph;(see fig 9.3 and page 106- Time Series plots and Profile plots require one or more objects be selected for plotting.)

S6.8: using the defined plotting function to generate the time-series curve graph of water quality parameters for specific nodes and pipe segments. (see page 24-Next we show how to extend the analysis of our example network to include water quality. The simplest case would be tracking the growth in water age throughout the network over time. To make this analysis we only have to select Age for the Parameter property in the Quality Options (select Options-Quality from the Data page of the Browser, then click the Browser's Edit button to make the Property Editor appear). Run the analysis and select Age as the parameter to view on the map. Create a time series plot for Age in the tank. see page 103-time series plot. See fig 9.3, fig 2.10)

Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan and Rakesh to include wherein step S6 specifically comprises: S6.1: creating a Python script, using the subprocess module in the Python script to specify the path and name of the OpenFOAM case and call the OpenFOAM solver to run the simulation; S6.2: running the Python data transmission interface through the Python script to realize data synchronization between different software; S6.4: parsing the water quality parameter information of specific nodes and pipe segments from the output file of EPANET-MSX; S6.6: converting the parsed time data into floating-point numbers in hours to meet the plotting requirements; S6.7: setting the image format to prepare for generating the time-series curve graph; S6.8: using the defined plotting function to generate the time-series curve graph of water quality parameters for specific nodes and pipe segments as taught by Rossman in the system of Luan and Rakesh for improving our understanding of the movement and fate of drinking water constituents within distribution systems. It can be used for many different kinds of applications in distribution systems analysis. Sampling program design, hydraulic model calibration, chlorine residual analysis, and consumer exposure assessment are some examples. (See section 1.1, Rossman)
 
Rossman does not teach python-based programming interface S6.3: calling the EPANET-MSX library through the Python script to execute the water quality simulation of the water supply pipe network; S6.7: defining a plotting function in Python. 
In the related field of invention, Kyriakou teaches python-based programming interface; (see summary-This paper introduces EPyT, an open-source Python package for providing a Python-based programming interface with the open-source hydraulic and quality modeling software EPANET. See page 3- Using object G, the user can call all the public toolkit functions. The toolkit contains a large set of functions that allow the user to retrieve or update the network data and simulate hydraulic and quality analysis for different scenarios using the EPANET libraries) 
S6.3: calling the EPANET-MSX library through the Python script to execute the water quality simulation of the water supply pipe network; (see summary-This paper introduces EPyT, an open-source Python package for providing a Python-based programming interface with the open-source hydraulic and quality modeling software EPANET. See page 3- Using object G, the user can call all the public toolkit functions. The toolkit contains a large set of functions that allow the user to retrieve or update the network data and simulate hydraulic and quality analysis for different scenarios using the EPANET libraries. Q = G.getComputedQualityTimeSeries() # Solve quality dynamics in library)
S6.7: defining a plotting function in Python, (see page 3-4-Executing the function G.plot()displays a figure of the network along with its components. The nodes i.e., junctions, reservoirs, tanks, and the links, i.e., pipes, valves, and pumps, are depicted using different colors and shapes)

Therefore, it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to modify the an integrated hydrodynamic and water quality simulation method as disclosed by Luan, Rossman and Rakesh to include python-based programming interface S6.3: calling the EPANET-MSX library through the Python script to execute the water quality simulation of the water supply pipe network; S6.7: defining a plotting function in Python as taught by Kyriakou in the system of Luan, Rossman and Rakesh in order to 1. Provide a standardized framework for researchers working in the area of SWN to implement their scientific findings. 2. Reduce the time and effort needed to establish a connection with the EPANET libraries. 3. Provide code templates for expanding the capabilities of EPANET and facilitating smart water systems research, while supporting the adoption of open-science and reproducible research best practices. 4. Provide a similar data structure in Python and MATLAB, to facilitate translation between the two environments. (See page 2, Kyriakou)



Conclusion

13. The prior art made of record and not relied upon is considered pertinent to applicant's disclosure. 
Jun et al. KR 20220149031 A
ii. Discussing the method for simulating a cyber-physical system for urban water resources through the connection of water supply and sewage. The method comprises a step (a) of selecting a water supply or sewer pipe network data file; a step (b) of automatically parsing the pipe network data file into an EPANET or SWMM model by a controller in a city water resources application program; a step (c) of displaying the automatically parsed syntax in a graphic viewer within the city water resources application program; a step (d) of outputting a first pipe network analysis result by executing a simulation in which the urban water resources simulator analyzes a water pipe network by using the EPANET model; a step (e) of outputting a second pipe network analysis result by executing a simulation in which the urban water resources simulator analyzes the sewage pipe network by using the first pipe network analysis result as input data of the SWMM model; and a step (f) of displaying the simulated first and second pipe network analysis results in connection with each other by the graphic viewer. 
14. All claims 1-10 are rejected.
15. Any inquiry concerning this communication or earlier communications from the examiner should be directed to FILLIN "Examiner name" \* MERGEFORMATPURSOTTAM GIRI whose telephone number is FILLIN "Phone number" \* MERGEFORMAT(469)295-9101. The examiner can normally be reached FILLIN "Work Schedule?" \* MERGEFORMAT7:30-5:30 PM, Monday to Friday.
Examiner interviews are available via telephone, in-person, and video conferencing using a USPTO supplied web-based collaboration tool. To schedule an interview, applicant is encouraged to use the USPTO Automated Interview Request (AIR) at http://www.uspto.gov/interviewpractice.
If attempts to reach the examiner by telephone are unsuccessful, the examiner’s supervisor, FILLIN "SPE Name?" \* MERGEFORMATRENEE CHAVEZ can be reached at FILLIN "SPE Phone?" \* MERGEFORMAT5712701104. The fax phone number for the organization where this application or proceeding is assigned is 571-273-8300.
Information regarding the status of published or unpublished applications may be obtained from Patent Center. Unpublished application information in Patent Center is available to registered users. To file and manage patent submissions in Patent Center, visit: https://patentcenter.uspto.gov. Visit https://www.uspto.gov/patents/apply/patent-center for more information about Patent Center and https://www.uspto.gov/patents/docx for information about filing in DOCX format. For additional questions, contact the Electronic Business Center (EBC) at 866-217-9197 (toll-free). If you would like assistance from a USPTO Customer Service Representative, call 800-786-9199 (IN USA OR CANADA) or 571-272-1000.
/PURSOTTAM GIRI/
Examiner, Art Unit 2186
/RENEE D CHAVEZ/Supervisory Patent Examiner, Art Unit 2186 
